 
  
 2022
Environmental 
Social Governance Report  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
Introduction 1 
Message from Our Chairman 2 
Company at a Glance  3 
Our Approach to ESG 5 
Feat
ure: $2.5T Sustainable Development Target  6 Environment 11 
Our Approach to Environmental Sustainability 12 
Scaling Green Solutions 13 
Meeting Needs Responsibly 17 
Minimizing Our Operational Impact 18 So cial 24 
Fe ature: Our Racial Equity Commitment 25 
Inclusive Growth 30 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 38 
Human Capital 43 
Governance 50 
Corporate Governance & ESG Oversight 51 
Stakeholder Engagement  53 
Political Engagement and Public Policy 55 
Managing Environmental and Social Risks  56 
Human Rights 56 
Data Privacy & Cybersecurity  57 
Business Ethics 59 Appendices 61 
List of Acronyms 62 
Global Reporting Initiative Index 63 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Index 67 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive Sectors 
Activities and Locations 70 Introduction 
 
  
JPMorgan Chase has branches across 48 states 
and Washington, D.C. Pictured: Crenshaw 
Community Branch, Los Angeles, California 
1 Message from Our Chairman 
The past year has required strength and resilience from so  
many. It has also shown that the work we do at JPMorgan  
Chase matters. For the customers and clients of the Firm, our  
work is impactful in good times—and is particularly important  
through challenging times. We strive to be resilient to crisis  
and to weather the pressure of each day while making strides  
toward our long-term eforts at sustainable growth and bring -
ing value to our shareholders.  
For over 200 years, JPMorgan Chase has worked to help our  
employees, customers and communities turn their aspirations 
into realities. Our longstanding commitment to integrity, fair -
ness and responsibility continues to guide our work today as  
we help to power the global economy.  
This year’s ESG Report explains how we leverage our business  
and expertise to help address economic and societal chal -
lenges, primarily by supporting our clients and providing tar -
geted capital to contribute to an inclusive, sustainable econ -
omy. We pursue these initiatives because we truly believe it is  
right for our customer and communities, not to chase the lat -
est fads or trends. In a time of ongoing war, global sanctions and economic  
uncertainty we strive to help support energy security around  
the globe, while also accelerating the development and transi -
tion to afordable, reliable and lower-carbon energy solutions.  
We recognize the signifcant economic and societal opportuni -
ties associated with a successful transition to a low-carbon  
economy. In 2022, we continued to act on our goal to align  
our fnancing of key sectors—Oil & Gas, Electric Power and  
Auto Manufacturing—with the goals of the Paris Agreement,  
and have established three new sectoral goals for Iron &  
Steel, Cement and Aviation. We are targeting $1 trillion by the  
end of 2030—as part of an overall $2.5 trillion sustainable  
development target—to advance renewable energy and other  
innovative technologies. And we are minimizing the environ -
mental impact of our physical operations across thousands of  
branches, as well as our data centers and corporate ofces. 
Our business is stronger when our economy is more inclusive.  
We are striving to advance economic inclusion around the  
world, including our eforts to help close the racial wealth gap  
among Black, Hispanic and Latino communities in the U.S.  through the Firm’s $30 billion Racial Equity Commitment. Our  
commitment to advancing racial equity in the U.S. is a long-
term journey for the Firm, and we are already thinking of  
what comes after the fve-year mark. 
Our people drive our success, and it is through their ingenu -
ity, excellence and integrity that we seek to build a prosper -
ous business. We are investing in the future of the workplace,  
focusing on well-being and frm culture, and embarking on  
construction of our new global headquarters in Manhattan,  
planned to be a zero-emissions building with state-of-the-art  
space for our employees. Our work has seldom been more challenging, or more  
important, than the last several years. JPMorgan Chase  
employees, over 290,000 of us, persevere with a grace and  
fortitude that makes me proud. In this year’s ESG report, I  
invite you to read about the work we do to remain resilient  
and forge meaningful progress. 
Jamie Dimon  
Chairman & CEO, JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
April 2023 
2 
 INTRODUCTION 
Message from Our Chairman Company at a Glance Our Approach to ESG Feature: $2.5T Sustainable 
Development Target 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Company at a Glance 
How We Do Business 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase”, the “Firm” or  
“we”) is a fnancial services company based in the United  
States of America (“U.S.”), with branches in 48 states and  
Washington D.C., 293,723 employees in 63 countries  
worldwide and $3.7 trillion in assets as of December 31,  
2022. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, fnancial  
services for consumers and small businesses, commercial  
banking, fnancial transaction processing and asset man -
agement. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the  
Firm serves millions of customers, predominantly in the  
U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate,  
institutional and government clients. JPMorgan Chase’s 
activities are organized, for management reporting pur -
poses, into four major reportable business segments, as  
well as a Corporate segment. The Firm’s consumer busi -
ness is the Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”) seg -
ment. The Firm’s wholesale business segments are the  
Corporate & Investment Bank (“CIB”), Commercial Banking  
(“CB”), and Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”). The  
business segments are referred to as “lines of business”  
(“LOB”). For further information, refer to Business Seg -
ment Results on pages 61–80 of our  for the 
year ended December 31, 2022. Form 10-KBUSINESS PRINCIPLES 
Exceptional client service 
1.  Focus on the customer  
2.  Be feld and client driven and  
operate at the local level  
3.  Build world-class franchises, 
investing for the long term, to  
serve our clients Operational excellence  
4.  Set the highest standards of  
performance 
5.  Demand fnancial rigor and risk  
discipline; We will always main -
tain a fortress balance sheet  
6.  Strive for the best internal gover -
nance and controls  
7.  Act and think like owners and  
partners  
8.  Strive to build and maintain the  
best, most efcient systems and  
operations 
9.  Be disciplined in everything we do  
10.  Execute with both skill and urgency  A commitment to integrity, 
fairness and responsibility 
11.  Do not compromise our integrity  
12.  Face facts  
13.  Have fortitude 
14.  Foster an environment of  
respect, inclusiveness, humanity  
and humility  
15.  Help strengthen the communi-
ties in which we live and work A great team and winning 
culture  
16.  Hire, train and retain great, diverse  
employees 
17.  Build teamwork, loyalty and morale 
18.  Maintain an open, entrepreneurial  
meritocracy for all 
19.  Communicate honestly, clearly and 
consistently  
20.  Strive to be good leaders 
3 
 INTRODUCTION 
Message from Our Chairman 
Company at a Glance Our Approach to ESG Feature: $2.5T Sustainable 
Development Target 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Consumer & Community Banking 
CCB ofers products and services to consumers and small businesses through bank  
branches, ATMs, digital (including mobile and online) and telephone banking. CCB is  
organized into Banking & Wealth Management (including Consumer Banking, J.P.  
Morgan Wealth Management and Business Banking), Home Lending (including Home  
Lending Production, Home Lending Servicing and Real Estate Portfolios) and Card  
Services & Auto. Banking & Wealth Management ofers deposit, investment and  
lending products, cash management, payments and services. Home Lending  
includes mortgage origination and servicing activities, as well as portfolios consist -
ing of residential mortgages and home equity loans. Card Services issues credit  
cards and ofers travel services. Auto originates and services auto loans and leases.  
Corporate & Investment Bank 
CIB, which consists of Banking and Markets & Securities Services, ofers a broad  
suite of investment banking, market-making, prime brokerage, lending, and trea -
sury and securities products and services to a global client base of corporations,  
investors, fnancial institutions, merchants, and government and municipal entities. 
Banking ofers a full range of investment banking products and services in all major  
capital markets, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, capital-rais -
ing in equity and debt markets, as well as loan origination and syndication. Banking  
also includes Payments, which provides payments services enabling clients to man -
age payments and receipts globally, and cross-border fnancing. Markets & Securi -
ties Services includes Markets, a global market-maker across products, including  
cash and derivative instruments, which also ofers sophisticated risk management  
solutions, prime brokerage, and research. Markets & Securities Services also  
includes Securities Services, a leading global custodian which provides custody, fund  
accounting and administration, and securities lending products principally for asset  
managers, insurance companies and public and private investment funds. Commercial Banking 
CB provides comprehensive fnancial solutions, including lending, payments, invest -
ment banking and asset management products across three primary client seg -
ments: Middle Market Banking, Corporate Client Banking and Commercial Real Estate  
Banking. Middle Market Banking covers small and midsized companies, local govern -
ments and nonproft clients. Corporate Client Banking covers large corporations.  
Commercial Real Estate Banking covers investors, developers, and owners of multi -
family, ofce, retail, industrial and afordable housing properties. 
Asset & Wealth Management 
AWM, with client assets of $4.0 trillion, is a global leader in investment and wealth  
management. Asset Management ofers multi-asset investment management solu -
tions across equities, fxed income, alternatives and money market funds to institu -
tional and retail investors providing for a broad range of clients’ investment needs.  
The Global Private Bank provides retirement products and services, brokerage, cus -
tody, estate planning, lending, deposits and investment management to high net  
worth clients. The majority of AWM’s client assets are in actively managed portfolios. 
Corporate 
The Corporate segment consists of Treasury and Chief Investment Ofce (“CIO") and  
Other Corporate. Treasury and CIO is predominantly responsible for measuring, mon -
itoring, reporting and managing the Firm’s liquidity, funding, capital, structural inter -
est rate and foreign exchange risks. Other Corporate includes staf functions and  
expense that is centrally managed as well as certain Firm initiatives and activities  
not aligned to a specifc LOB. The major Other Corporate functions include Real  
Estate, Technology, Legal, Corporate Finance, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Risk  
Management, Compliance, Control Management, Corporate Responsibility and vari -
ous Other Corporate groups.  
Information about JPMorgan Chase’s fnancial performance is available in our quar -
terly earnings materials, as well as quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and  
Form 10-K , respectively. About This Report 
This ESG Report is designed to consolidate and summarize our  
work on ESG topics that are important to our business and  
stakeholders, and guide readers to where they can access  
more detailed information about specifc topics of interest. All  
data in this report is as of December 31, 2022, unless other -
wise noted. 
This report has also been informed by the Global Reporting  
Initiative ("GRI") and relevant Sector Standards, as well as the  
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") reporting 
standards. Our ESG Report Appendices (see pages 63–69) on  
GRI and SASB map our Firm’s disclosures related to these  
frameworks’ indicators and recommendations. 
Our Firm communicates information about our ESG practices 
and performance through a number of channels—including  
our Annual Report and Proxy Statement, ESG and Climate  
reports, regulatory flings, our website, press releases, direct  
conversations with stakeholders, and various other reports  
and presentations. We maintain a dedicated  ESG Information 
page  on our website to facilitate access to information that we  
publish on these topics. 
4 
 INTRODUCTION 
Message from Our Chairman 
Company at a Glance Our Approach to ESG Feature: $2.5T Sustainable 
Development Target 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Our Approach to ESG 
The fnance sector has an important role to play in helping to  
address some of the most pressing environmental and social  
(“E&S”) challenges of our time, primarily by supporting its cli -
ents and providing targeted capital to help scale solutions.  
Building of the foundation of our Business Principles, we are  
leveraging our expertise, capital, data and resources to  
advance inclusive growth, promote sustainable development,  
and support the transition to a low-carbon economy. Environ -
mental, Social and Governance ("ESG") matters are an import -
ant consideration in how we do business, including how we  
develop our products and services, serve our customers, sup -
port our employees and help lift our communities.  
Our approach to ESG is supported and strengthened by our  
ongoing eforts to enhance accountability, transparency and  
engagement. Additionally, we strive to leverage the Firm’s  
robust governance structures to foster sound management  
and a culture of accountability on ESG matters. This includes  
defning oversight and management of ESG matters within  
and across our lines of business. Our Key ESG Topics 
In 2022, JPMorgan Chase undertook a process to identify and assess which ESG top -
ics are most pertinent to our business, operations and stakeholders. In doing this  
work, we engaged with internal stakeholders and subject matter experts, and  
retained the services of an external consultant. The foregoing process and identif -
cation of key ESG topics was undertaken for the purposes of informing our ESG  
reporting; our inclusion of topics in this report is diferent from disclosures under  
mandatory regulatory reporting, including under U.S. Securities and Exchange Com -
mission (“SEC”) regulations.  
To identify our key ESG topics, we undertook the following: 
External research:  including conducting a high-level review of key ESG trends that  
apply to the Firm and assessing relevant topic areas identifed by voluntary ESG dis -
closure frameworks, ESG raters and rankers, and industry best practice, with the  
aim of identifying a list of potential ESG topics. Engagement:  with internal stakeholders and subject matter experts from across the  
Firm to evaluate the potential list of ESG topics. We asked subject matter experts  
questions about what topics they view as important to the Firm and its key stake -
holders, including how these topics may impact or be impacted by certain busi -
ness-related metrics.  
Evaluation:  of insights gained from internal stakeholder engagement by analyzing  
fndings to prioritize topics. When evaluating potential ESG topics, we also consid -
ered business-related metrics including operational costs, revenue, regulation/com -
pliance, reputation and strategy. Our process identifed the following as our key ESG topics: 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
• Climate Change
• Climate Policy Engagement
• Operational Environmental Footprint
• Responsible Investment and Financing
• Transition to Low-Carbon Economy
SOCIAL 
• Consumer Financial Protection
• Community Development
• Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Equal  
Opportunity
• Human Capital Development
• Wages/RemunerationGOVERNANCE 
• Board
 Govern ance
• Climate Risk
• Cybersecurity
• Data Privacy
• Economic
 Performance
• Enterprise Risk Management
• ESG
 Compliance
• Ethical Business Practices
•
Geopolitical Risk
• Political Engagement, Public Policy and
Lobbying
• Responsi ble Mar keting and Labeling
• Stakeholder Engagement
• Succession Planning
In addition to the key topics above, we identifed other ESG topics that are also import-ant to our 
business and stakeholders. These additional topics included: Active Ownership, Biodiversity and 
Natural Capital, ESG Governance and Reporting, Human Rights and Modern Slavery, Innovation and 
Digitalization, and Just Transition. 
5 
 INTRODUCTION 
Message from Our Chairman 
Company at a Glance Our Approach to ESG Feature: $2.5T Sustainable 
Development Target 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Feature: $2.5T Sustainable Development Target 
We believe creating sustainable economic growth is important to the long-term  
strength and vibrancy of the global economy, as well as to the health and prosperity  
of people and communities around the world. As a global fnancial institution, we are  
leveraging our capabilities to provide capital and e  xpertise for our clients and cus -
tomers to support economic growth and address key global challenges. In 2021, we  
set our Sustainable Development Target (the “Target”) with the goal to fnance and  
facilitate more than $2.5 trillion over 10 years—from 2021 through the end of 2030— 
to advance long-term solutions that address climate change and contribute to sus -
tainable development. Our end-of-2030 goal corresponds with the timeframe we set  
to meet our initial emission intensity reduction targets within our fnancing portfolio  
(see page 17), as well as the timeframe set by the United Nations for achieving the  
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”). The Target aims to grow and  
strengthen our business activities across three important objectives—Green, Devel -
opment Finance and Community Development—and, at the same time, highlight the  
work we’re doing through our lines of businesses and Racial Equity Commitment. Th
e Target refects the Firm’s global, diversifed franchise, incorporating activity across  
both our retail and wholesale banking segments. We are focused on areas where we  
believe our capabilities and expertise can help advance sustainable and inclusive  
growth around the world. We also prioritize topics that are important to our stakehold -
ers, including customers and clients, employees, communities and shareholders. 
In developing the Target's criteria and methodology, we also took into account inter -
national best practices and industry standards, such as the SDGs, the International  
Capital Market Association’s Green and Social Bond Principles, and the International  
Finance Corporation’s Anticipated Impact Measurement and Monitoring system. 
Green  
Aiming to drive climate action, clean energy,  
and sustainable resource management, with a  
focus on accelerating the deployment of solu -
tions for cleaner sources of energy and facili -
tating the transition to a low-carbon economy.  
We are targeting $1 trillion toward this area by  
the end of 2030. Development Finance  
Working to support socioeconomic develop -
ment in emerging economies, with a focus on  
mobilizing capital to advance the United  
Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Community Development 
Striving to advance economic inclusion in devel -
oped markets, with a focus in the United States on  
Low-to-Moderate Income individuals and commu -
nities and closing the racial wealth gap among  
Black, Hispanic and Latino individuals and com -
munities. This includes many of the actions we are  
taking as part of our Racial Equity Commitment. 
The Firm supports solutions that help address climate change and contribute to sustainable development. 
Pictured: Dallas, Texas 
6 
 INTRODUCTION 
Message from Our Chairman 
Company at a Glance Our Approach to ESG Feature: $2.5T Sustainable 
Development Target 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Progress Toward the Target 
We track progress toward our Target by attributing business activity across the  
Firm that supports our Target’s objectives. These business activities include  
transactions fnanced or facilitated by the Firm and those for which we are pro -
viding advisory, risk management and other facilitation services.  
Progress toward our Target, like our other ESG-related initiatives, is subject to certain  
prerequisites, including market conditions, public policy and technological advance -
ment. Our fnancing and advisory initiatives are also subject to the same macroeco -
nomic conditions that impact our franchise and the broader fnancial markets.  
In 2022, our progress toward our Target was characterized by a challenging mac -
roecono
mic environment. Volatile market conditions, including rising rates con -
tributed to slower progress toward our Target compared to 2021. T  he challenging  
macroeconomic environment was not limited to sustainable development activi -
ties. For e
xample, according to Dealogic1, global investment banking fees in 2022 
were down 4
2% compared to 2021. We saw a similar, but lesser, decline in Invest -
ment Banking activities counted toward our Target. Market conditions, public pol -
icy and technological advancement will continue to have an impact on our 
results, and as such, we do not expect our progress over the decade to be linear. In line with the Firm’s approach for the rest of our business, we do not manage the Target focused on short term results, but rather, focused on positioning our -
selves to drive long term progress. At JPMorgan Chase, we are focused on sup -
porting our clients through the cycle in both good times and bad—including in their sustainable development ambitions—and remain committed to playing our part to advance sustainable development. 
In 2022, our Firm fnanced and facilitated approximately $197 billion toward the 
Target; $70 billion toward green, $87 billion toward development fnance and $40 billion toward community development. Collectively, since 2021, we have fnanced and facilitated $482 billion toward our Target, including $176 billion toward our $1 trillion green target. In this section we discuss our progress in each objective through December 31, 2022. 
To learn more about our criteria for determining what business activity is eligible 
to count toward our Sustainable Development Target and how we account for the value of transactions, see Our Approach to Our Sustainable Development Target , 
updated and efective as of January 1, 2023. $285B $2.5T
By the end of 2030 2021 $197B
$482B | 19%
Since 2021 
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 2022 
$176B
Green 
$204B
Development 
Finance $102B
Community 
Development 
$482BTOTAL $70B
Green 
$87B
Development 
Finance $40B
Community 
Development 
$197BTOTAL 
$229B
CIB 
Investment Banking $169B
CIB 
Markets $54B
CCB $30B
CB 
$482BTOTAL CUMULATIVE PROGRESS (2021–2022) ANNUAL PROGRESS (2022) PROGRESS TOWARD 10-YEAR TARGET 
$95B
CIB Investment Banking 
$68B
CIB 
Markets $19B
CCB $14B
CB 
$197BTOTAL OUR APPROACH TO TRANSACTIONS THAT SUPPORT 
MULTIPLE OBJECTIVES  
 
The three objectives of our Target—Green, Development Finance,  
and Community Development—refect our belief that creating sus -
tainable economic growth requires advancing environmental, eco -
nomic and social goals. When tracking these transactions to our  
Target, we count transactions only once and toward only one  
objective in the following order (as applicable): Green, Develop -
ment Finance or Community Development. With this approach, we  
seek to avoid double counting, simplify tracking toward our prog -
ress, and create clarity in our disclosures. We disclose more infor -
mation on a few of these key areas in the coming sections, such as  
how we track and count Sustainability Bonds and certain JPM DFI  
activity toward our Green objective. We aim to be transparent in  
our methodology and may recalibrate our approach over time. 
Our work with the National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance  
Corporation (“CFC”) provides an example of the mutual benefts  
that can be created by simultaneously supporting the advance -
ment of environmental and social issues. CFC, created and owned  
by the U.S.’s electric cooperative network, is a nonproft, private  
lender focused on providing fnancing to over 900 rural electric  
cooperatives in the U.S. Electric cooperatives, which trace their  
origin back to the U.S. federal government’s New Deal Initiative,  
were created by farmers and local residents to provide afordable  
and dependable electricity in rural communities. In August 2022,  
JPMorgan Chase served as joint book-running manager on CFC’s  
$400 million sustainability bond, the proceeds of which CFC plans  
to use to support broadband access for underserved and rural  
populations in the United States. Prior to this, in 2020, JPMorgan  
Chase also served as joint book-running manager and sustainabil -
ity bond structuring agent for CFC’s inaugural sustainability bond.  
These two issuances represent the only sustainability bonds so far  
in the electric cooperative sector.  
1  Source: Dealogic Quarterly Rankings, IB Revenue, Full Year 2022 
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  INTRODUCTION 
Message from Our Chairman 
Company at a Glance Our Approach to ESG Feature: $2.5T Sustainable 
Development Target 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Green 
Our $1 trillion green objective is intended to support climate action and sustainable resource management. Developing  
solutions sufcient to meet the climate challenge will require signifcant capital, including capital to deploy and scale  
clean energy solutions to meet the world’s growing energy needs. Capital is also required to promote the sustainable  
management of resources, including water and forests. These aims support each other; some actions that address cli -
mate change, such as reforestation, also have positive impacts on nature, biodiversity and the sustainable management  
of resources. Eligible green activities include areas such as renewable and clean energy, clean technology, sustainable  
transportation and water management. 
In 2022, we fnanced and facilitated approximately $70 billion in support of our green objective, particularly through  
green bond underwriting and for renewable energy. We support green activities through a variety of business activities  
around our Firm, such as raising capital for clean technology companies and providing consumer auto fnancing for  
electric vehicles. Many of the eligible transactions counted toward our green objective can be used for multiple eligible  
activities (e.g., a green bond where proceeds can be used for both renewable energy and water) and are therefore cat -
egorized as “multiple criteria.” We show a breakdown of the types of transactions included in the multiple criteria cate -
gory in the pie chart on page 8.  
OUR TARGET IN ACTION: ENEOS HOLDINGS INC. CASE STUDY 
JPMorgan Chase served as acquiror advisor in a $1.7 billion M&A transaction for ENEOS Corporation, Japan's largest  
downstream oil and gas company. ENEOS acquired Japan Renewable Energy Corporation (“JRE”), a developer of  
solar projects, as well as onshore and ofshore wind projects in Japan. JRE has been one of the leading renewable  
energy companies in Japan that engages in renewable power generation business across the full value chain, from  
project development to operation and maintenance of renewable power plants.  
The deal not only helps ENEOS make progress toward its own net-zero emission by 2040 target—which includes  
reduction of Scope 1 and 2 emissions through GHG reduction at oil refneries, carbon capture and storage, and CO2  
removal, such as forecast absorption—but also helps ENEOS to achieve a 2050 target: to work together with the  
Japanese government and other companies to reduce Scope 3 emissions by supplying clean energy, such as renew -
able energy and CO2-free hydrogen. The ENEOS deal stands as an example of our work supporting the transition of  
carbon intensive clients to the low-carbon economy, and won the Mergermarket Japan M&A deal of the year . PROGRESS TOWARD THE 10-YEAR GREEN TARGET 
$176B  |  18%
Since 2021 $1T
By the end of 2030 $106B
2021 $70B
2022 
CUMULATIVE GREEN PROGRESS BY LINE OF BUSINESS 
2021 $B 2022 $B 
$51 
$17 
$2 
$1 
$70 Total $B 
CIB Investment Banking $72 $123 
CIB Markets $32 $49 
Commercial Banking $1 $3 
Consumer and Community Banking $1 $2 
Green Total $106 $176 
CUMULATIVE GREEN PROGRESS BY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 
2021 $B2 2022 $B Total $B 
Sustainable Transportation $22 $2 $24 
Renew
able and Clean Energy $15 $20 $35 
Water Management $6 $2 $8 
Circular Economy and Waste Management $0 $1 $1 
Green Buildings $2 $4 $6 
Clean Technology $0 $4 $4 
Multiple Criteria $61 $37 $98 
Green Total $106 $70 $176 2022 PROGRESS IN 
“MULTIPLE CRITERIA”  
TOTAL 
$37B$23B 
Green Bonds 
$11B 
Sustainability Bonds 
$3B 
Emissions Contracts 
<$1B 
Other 
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
2  In 2021, “Mixed Use” was reported at $60 billion, and “Renewable Energy & Energy Efciency” at $14 billion, due to rounding. These fgures have since been updated to $61 billion and $15 billion, respectively, and renamed to “Multiple Criteria” and “Renewable and Clean Energy” for clarity purposes and due to 
refnement of our eligibility criteria per our methodology. 
8 
 INTRODUCTION 
Message from Our Chairman 
Company at a Glance Our Approach to ESG Feature: $2.5T Sustainable 
Development Target 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Development Finance 
The development fnance objective of the Target highlights the work of the J.P. Morgan Development Finance Institution  
(“JPM DFI”), which works to mobilize capital toward sustainable development projects in developing countries. The JPM  
DFI qualifes CIB transactions with anticipated environmental and socioeconomic impacts. The JPM DFI also acts as  
development fnance structuring agent (“DFSA”) for a diverse set of corporate and sovereign transactions, which  
involves assisting clients to measure and communicate the development impact of their transaction with investors and  
other stakeholders. It also seeks to expand the market for development fnance overall and grow the pool of investors  
interested in transactions that ofer fnancial returns and advance the SDGs. For more information, see the JPM DFI  
2022 Annual Report . I n 2022, approximately $87 billion of development fnance activity qualifed toward the Target. 
9 
OUR TARGET IN ACTION: AXIAN TELECOM CASE STUDY 
In February 2022, JPMorgan Chase acted as joint global coordinator and joint bookrunner, ratings advisor and  
DFSA for a $420 million 5-year debut bond for AXIAN Telecom, a leading provider of telecommunications, mobile  
money services and digital infrastructures operating across Africa. The bond issuance is expected to support the  
Company’s operations in Tanzania, Togo, and Uganda; to help address development gaps in access to afordable  
telecommunication services; and to drive fnancial inclusion. This includes expanding its 4G network by adding  
2,325 new mobile antennas and 747 km of tower fber for high-speed internet through Tanzania and Togo; deploy -
ing solar-power sites in Uganda; growing mobile fnancial services and payment systems for small and medium  
enterprises; and fostering employment with targeted eforts on women participation. CUMULATIVE DEVELOPMENT FINANCE PROGRESS BY LINE OF BUSINESS 
2021 $B 2022 $B Total $B 
CIB Investment Banking $51 $39 $90 
CIB Markets $66 $48 $114 
Development Finance Total $117 $87 $204 
CUMULATIVE DEVELOPMENT FINANCE PROGRESS BY REGION 
2021 $B 2022 $B Total $B 
East Asia & Pacifc $38 $16 $54 
South Asia $5 $2 $8 
Latin America & Caribbean $36 $19 $55 
Eastern Europe & Central Asia $15 $18 $32 
Sub-Saharan Africa $8 $4 $12 
Middle East & North Africa $2 $0 $2 
Global Development Institutions $13 $28 $40 
Development Finance Total $117 $87 $204 In addition to the $87 bil-
lion, the JPM DFI qualifed  
$11 billion which was  
counted towards  the green  
objective  instead of  the 
development fnance  
objective , per our method -
ology. The total $98 billion  
is refected in the JPM DFI  
2022 Annual Report. 
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
 INTRODUCTION 
Message from Our Chairman 
Company at a Glance Our Approach to ESG Feature: $2.5T Sustainable 
Development Target 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Community Development 
Our work in the community development area of our Target supports areas such as homeownership and afordable  
housing, small business growth, education and health care, with a focus on Low-to-Moderate Income (“LMI”) individuals  
and Black, Hispanic and Latino individuals and communities. 
In 2022, we fnanced and facilitated approximately $40 billion toward this objective. This includes $16 billion in home  
ownership, $2 billion in small business fnancing, and $15 billion for afordable housing.  
The community development objective also highlights our commitment to racial equity and includes many of the activi -
ties we are engaging in as part of our Racial Equity Commitment. Of the $102 billion qualifed to this objective of our Tar -
get since 2021, approximately $27 billion across Afordable Housing, Home Ownership and Small Business counted  
toward our Racial Equity Commitment. For more detail on our Racial Equity Commitment, see page 25. 
CASE STUDY OUR TARGET IN ACTION: EVERMONT LOS ANGELES BRIDGE HOUSING CORP/ 
COALITION FOR RESPONSIBLE COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT/PRIMESTOR4 
JPMorgan Chase provided $92 million for construction fnancing, and $66 million in Low Income Housing Tax Credit  
(“LIHTC”) equity for new construction of afordable family and senior housing in a south Los Angeles neighborhood. The  
Firm also provided $40 million in New Market Tax Credit (“NMTC”) fnancing for the construction of commercial compo -
nents of this transit-oriented mixed-use development. The Firm’s fnancing and equity is helping to redevelop two city  
blocks, which had remained mostly vacant after their destruction during t  he 1992 Los Angeles uprising. The project  
plans to transform the property from vacant lots to a mixed-use development providing 180 units of afordable hous -
ing, retail, entrepreneurship spaces and a jobs training facility at a critical transit hub. It will be situated next to the  
SEED LA School of Los Angeles County, the state’s frst public boarding school, which was separately fnanced by JP  
Morgan Chase with $70 million in NMTC fnancing and $15 million in a senior direct loan. The redevelopment project  
began in 2022 and is expected to complete in 2024. To learn more about the JPMorgan Chase’s impact in afordable  
rental housing, please see Areas of Focus and Strategies in our Racial Equity Commitment on page 26. CUMULATIVE COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT PROGRESS BY LINE OF BUSINESS   
2021 $B 2022 $B Total $B 
CIB Investment Banking $10 $6 $16 
CIB Markets $3 $4 $7 
Commercial Banking $14 $13 $27 
Consumer and Community Banking $33 $18 $51 
Community Development Total $61 $40 $102 
CUMULATIVE COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT PROGRESS BY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA   
2021 $B 2022 $B Total $B 
Afordable Housing $17 $15 $33 
Home Ownership $31 $16 $47 
Black, Hispanic and Latino3 $14 $7 $22 
Low-to-Moderate Income $17 $8 $25 
Small Business $2 $2 $5 
Black, Hispanic and Latino3 $1 $1 $2 
Low-to-Moderate Income $2 $1 $3 
Social Bonds $10 $7 $17 
Community Development Total $61 $40 $102 
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
3  Per our Sustainable Development Target methodology, refected here is total dollars; whereas the Racial Equity Commitment refects incremental dollars (i.e., annual results measured as progress against 2019 baseline results). 
4  The $40 million in NMTC fnancing toward Evermont, along with the $70 million ($42 million frst tranche in 2021, and $28 million second tranche in 2022) NMTC fnancing and the $15 million senior direct loan toward SEED LA, are not included in our SDT. They are only captured as part of our Racial Equity Commitment. 
10 
 INTRODUCTION 
Message from Our Chairman 
Company at a Glance Our Approach to ESG Feature: $2.5T Sustainable 
Development Target 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 Environment 
A healthy environment is crucial to the long-term success of the economy and of communities around the 
world, but climate change, biodiversity loss and other environmental challenges pose increasing threats to our collective future. 
As a global fnancial institution working with clients in nearly every sector of the economy, we have an  
important role to play in supporting our clients’ environmental objectives and helping advance a sustain -
able global economy. 
JPMorgan Chase is helping advance resilience to climate 
change by supporting initiatives with local, regional, and 
international organizations.  Pictured: Los Angeles, California 
2022 Highlights 
• Financed and facilitated $70 billion in support of 
the green objective of our Sustainable Develop -
ment Target 
• Launched the Carbon Assessment Framework for in-scope capital markets transactions with clients covered by our portfolio-level emissions intensity reduction targets • Published net-zero aligned portfolio-level emis -
sion in
tensity targets for three new sectors— 
Iron & Steel, Cement and Aviation 
• Began process of implementing an internal price on carbon 
• Met goals to source renewable energy to meet 100% of global power needs annually and achieve operational carbon neutrality
5 
11 5  Operational carbon neutrality achieved using carbon credits. Our Approach to Environmental Sustainability 
JPM
organ Chase helps our clients navigate the challenges and realize the economic  
opportunities of the transition to a low-carbon economy. We believe helping our cli -
ents fnance and accelerate their transition objectives creates positive environmen -
tal benefts and generates long-term fnancial return for our shareholders. We also  
strive to minimize our own carbon footprint and the impact our corporate ofces,  
bank branches and data centers may have on the environment. These eforts are guided by the three pillars of our environmental sustainability  
str
ategy—scaling green solutions, meeting needs responsibly and minimizing our  
operational impact—all of which is underpinned by our ongoing focus on account -
ability, transparency and engagement, which helps us continue to evolve and  
remain responsive to stakeholder interests. 
OUR APPROACH TO ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY 
SCALING GREEN SOLUTIONS 
Focusing our eorts to meet client needs 
and on scaling solutions the world will need 
for long-term environmental sustainability MEETING NEEDS RESPONSIBLY 
Using our capital and expertise in a way that 
is consistent with meeting economic and 
societal needs MINIMIZING OUR OPERATIONAL IMPA CT 
Minimizing the environmental impact of 
our own operations, including in our build-
ings, branches and data centers 1 2 3 
12 
BIODIVERSITY AND NATURAL CAPITAL 
Natur
al capital refers to the stock of natural resources,  
including soil, air, water and living things that provide valu -
able goods and services for society and the broader economy,  
and that are critical to supporting physical and economic  
health. Over-exploitation of natural capital is threatening bio -
diversity and compromising the ability of ecosystems to miti -
gate climate change. 
The Firm recognizes the need for advancements in policies,  
data and disclosure to enable accurate valuation of natural  
capital and the identifcation and management of nature-re -
lated risks and opportunities for our clients, operations and  
business strategy. We continue to foster ongoing engagement  
with internal and external stakeholders in regards to cli -
mate-related matters and emerging nature and biodiversity  
issues. In 2022, we joined the Taskforce on Nature-related  
Financial Disclosures (“TNFD”) Forum and look forward to con -
tinuing to engage with the TNFD as it fnalizes its framework. We recognize nature is important for efective climate action 
and support our clients’ eforts that aim to protect natural capital, for example, through our Green Bond underwriting (see page 15). We have also directed resources to promote biodiversity conservation by selecting nature-based carbon removal ofsets for our operational emissions that we are not yet able to eliminate (see page 21), and we have published research that explores the fnancial impact of biodiversity loss and strategies to address deforestation and nature decline in the global food system. 
The Firm also manages certain E&S risks, which may include  
nature-related risks, in our lines of business. For more infor -
mation on how we manage risk in our business, see page 56. INTRODUCTION 
ENV I
RONMENTAL 
Our A
pproach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Scaling Green Solutions 
To meet client demand and global long-term environmental sustainability goals, the  
world will need to develop and deploy a host of new technologies, business models  
and other solutions. As a global fnancial institution, we have an important role to  
play by providing fnancing and strategic advice to clients and by helping investors  
put their capital to work. 
Mobilizing Capital for Climate Action 
Developing solutions to advance the transition to a low-carbon economy will require  
signifcant capital. In April 2021, we announced a target to fnance and facilitate $1  
trillion toward green initiatives that support climate action by the end of 2030 as  
part of our broader $2.5 trillion Sustainable Development Target. For more informa -
tion on our progress toward our Sustainable Development Target and examples of  
qualifying green transactions, see page 6. 
We also support the market through our own Green Bond issuances. These issu -
ances are governed by our Sustainable Bond Framework and allocate an amount  
equal to the net proceeds to eligible green projects which may include green build -
ings, renewable energy and sustainable transportation. In October 2022, we  
updated our Sustainable Bond Framework  which will govern our own Green Bond  
issuances going forward.  Providing Sustainable Solutions 
to Consumers and Investors 
Our global and diversifed franchise allows us to ofer sustainability-focused fnan -
cial options to those customers who want them, under both the J.P. Morgan and  
Chase brands. This includes a growing range of sustainability-related products and  
services through our Consumer Banking and Wealth Management businesses,  
including the J.P. Morgan Global Private Bank. We aim to give individuals and fami -
lies the tools they need to meet their goals. 
ASSET MANAGEMENT SUSTAINABLE INVESTING 
At J.P. Morgan Asset Management (“JPMAM”), we believe that understanding the  
risk and opportunities related to global sustainability creates long-term value for  
our clients. For this reason, we continually strive to enhance our investment capabil -
ities and our eforts to help clients consider the material implications of ESG factors  
within their portfolios. 
We ofer dedicated sustainable investment solutions to clients who seek to generate  
long-term returns and contribute to sustainable outcomes. For example, in 2022, we  
launched 11 funds within our sustainable product suite, including a new fxed income  
product. T  hese products invest in businesses that we believe are providing solutions  
to global sustainability challenges such as climate risk management, preserving bio -
diversity, retroftting and constructing resilient transport and infrastructure, and  
fostering social advancement. Our Asset Management Global Sustainable Investing team is a dedicated group of  
employees that focuses on sustainability-related i  ssues and work in collaboration  
with our investment professionals globally. They provide global sustainable invest -
ing research and insights on thematic ESG issues, including climate risk, that can be  
applied across asset classes. The team works with clients to build and implement  
sustainable investing solutions and conducts our investment stewardship activities. 
In 2022, we continued the build-out of the team, adding employees in the areas of  
sustainable investing research, client advisory and investment stewardship. 
In recognition of our enhanced commitment to investment stewardship, during 2022,  
JPMAM successfully gained signatory status to the 2020 U.K. Stewardship Code that 
aims to promote the responsible allocation, management, and oversight of capital to create long-term value for clients while yielding sustainable benefts for the economy, environment and society. JPMAM believes this is an important milestone, demonstrat-ing our continuing commitment, credibility, and transparency to our stewardship responsibilities: active engagement with the companies in which we invest and exer-cising our voice as a long-term investor in the best interest of our client accounts. 
In 2022, we published our J.P. Morgan Asset Management 2022 Inaugural Report  
aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial  
Disclosures (“TCFD”). The report outlines how we are considering climate-related  
risks and opportunities relevant to our Asset Management business, across the  
areas of Governance, Risk Management, Strategy, and Metrics & Targets. 
13 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES GLOBAL PRIVATE BANK SUSTAINABLE INVESTING 
We continue to expand our Sustainable Investing oferings through J.P. Morgan  
Global Private Bank, which provides high-net-worth clients with access to a  
breadth of strategies across equities, fxed income, alternatives and multi-asset 
portfolios. In addition, and to further our response to the growing client interest  
in sustainability-themed investing, we have expanded our range of available the -
matic strategies and funds. For example, in 2022, we added a growth equity cli -
mate solutions investment fund focused on decarbonization, energy efciency,  
resource conservation and emissions management.  
We have invested in tools and solutions to help clients achieve their Sustainable  
Investing goals. In June 2021, we acquired OpenInvest, a values-based investing  
fnancial technology company to expand our toolkit of diagnostic capabilities,  
reporting, and solutions to help clients to align their investments with their val -
ues. In the frst quarter of 2022, and as part of OpenInvest capabilities, we  
launched sustainability reporting for J.P. Morgan’s Sustainable Equity Strategy  
managed by the Private Bank. 
We aim to keep our clients up to date on the latest trends by publishing Sustainable 
Investing insights, with topics including ESG risks and opportunities; the economic importance of megatrends such as circular economy biodiversity and agricultural technology; and how to think about sustainable investing alongside charitable giving. CCB EV AUTO LENDING 
As automakers accelerate eforts to transition to electric vehicles (“EVs”), many con -
sumers are evaluating them for the frst time. JPMorgan Chase is responding by  
helping consumers understand and navigate this new segment and access fnancing  
to support their purchases.  
The EV landscape is complex and evolving quickly, and information can be hard to  
fnd or understand for consumers. The Chase Auto EV Education Center, a website,  
helps consumers learn about, fnd and purchase electric and hybrid vehicles, includ -
ing information about charging, battery range and maintenance.  
We are also working to increase fnancing to support EV adoption, including enter -
ing into private label relationships with EV manufacturers to provide fexible fnanc -
ing options to consumers. 
Supporting Our Clients 
We continue to broaden our eforts to support the climate- and sustainability-re -
lated banking needs of wholesale clients, from early-stage and small companies  
through to multinationals and other large corporations. We deploy our capital and  
expertise to assist clients working to transition their business model and operations  
to reduce emissions. As we expand our capabilities across our lines of business, we  
are able to provide clients with increasingly diverse and innovative solutions, while  
helping to grow the market for green and sustainable fnancing.  CASE STUDY ØRSTED 
When Ørsted was formed, the result of a merger among six Dan-ish energy companies, including Danish Oil & Natural Gas, their power and heat production mix was 85% fossil fuel—mostly coal—as well as oil and gas production and exploration assets in the North Sea. Over a decade ago, their leadership decided to become a renewable energy  company . The company has 
reported reduction of its carbon emissions by 89% since 2006 and reported that the share of green energy in their energy generation rose to 90% by the end of 2021. Throughout the stages of their transition, as part of a relationship spanning more than 20 years, JPMorgan Chase has provided, and contin-ues to provide, Ørsted with diversifed services across our frm to meet their needs as they make their energy transition. JPMor-gan Chase led Ørsted’s initial public ofering (“IPO”), advised on the sale of their upstream oil and gas activities, and provides further services including, but not limited to, cash management, tax equity, and, recently, acted as joint bookrunner for a green bond of approximately $2 billion equivalent in September 2022. 
14 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES GREEN ECONOMY BANKING 
As the need for climate solutions grows, so does the number of companies focused on providing them, with each  
requiring a unique combination of fnancial services and advice to achieve its objectives. Our CB Green Economy Bank -
ing team is called upon to provide subject matter expertise, banking solutions and specialized credit underwriting for  
the growing number of companies i  n the sustainable technologies, products and services industry. The Green Economy  
Banking team focuses on fve sectors—renewable energy, efciency technology, sustainable fnance, agriculture and  
food technology, and clean energy mobility—with senior bankers assigned to provide specifc sub-industry coverage  
within each of these sectors. 
CENTER FOR CARBON TRANSITION 
The Center for Carbon Transition (“CCT”) provides clients globally with low-carbon transition focused advice and exper -
tise, and works with industry coverage and product teams within the CIB and CB on a wide variety of strategic sustain -
ability-focused transactions. The team is also responsible for supporting our banking teams in identifying green busi -
ness opportunities to meet client demands and amplifying our green economy coverage.  
The combined expertise of the CCT and other banking teams helps provide tailored advice and solutions to clients who  
seek this advice as they adapt and grow their businesses. This includes providing strategic advice on clients’ long-term  
business strategies working with industry and product teams to structure unique fnancing solutions in public and pri -
vate capital markets. 
The CCT works to develop and implement the Firm’s strategy to align, over time, its fnancing portfolio with what we  
consider to be the primary goals of the Paris Agreement. The teams has led the creation, and continues to oversee the  
implementation, of our Carbon Assessment Framework (“CAF”), which helps us monitor our progress toward our port -
folio-level emissions intensity reduction targets. For more information on our Paris-aligned fnancing commitment and  
our CAF, see page 17. 
GREEN, SOCIAL, SUSTAINABILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED BONDS 
Through our business, JPMorgan Chase is a leading underwriter of green, social, sustainability and sustainability-linked  
bonds, which are aimed at supporting our clients’ sustainability-related activities. In 2022, the Firm u  nderwrote $38.36  
bil
lion in green, social, sustainable and sustainability-linked bonds, including $16.6 billion in green bonds. CASE STUDY APPALOOSA SOLAR PROJECT 
In 2022, JPMorgan Chase acted as coordinated lead arranger and committed $142 million to a series of syndi -
cated project fnance loans totaling $267 million. The funds are intended to support the construction and  
operations of the Appaloosa Solar Project in Cedar City, Utah, owned by Greenbacker Renewable Energy Cor -
poration (GREC) and rPlus Energies. Once completed in late 2023, the Appaloosa project is expected to be the  
second largest in GREC’s feet of 450 renewable energy projects. The project is expected to generate more  
than 550 million kWh of energy annually—enough to power more than 50,000 homes; support the local econ -
omy by utilizing local vendors and creating approximately 250 jobs for its construction; and generate mean -
ingful property tax revenue for Cedar City over 35 years. This deal was led by Commercial Banking’s Green  
Economy team and builds on JPMorgan Chase’s eforts to scale green and innovative solutions to support the  
transition to a low-carbon economy. 
CASE STUDY SUPPORTING ECOSYSTEM PROTECTION FOR NATURE AND PEOPLE 
In 2022, JPMorgan Chase served as lead underwriter for a $350 million Green Bond issued by The Nature  
Conservancy (“TNC"), a global nonproft conservation organization that works on a variety of environmental  
issues surrounding the protection of land, water and ecosystems. The bond constitutes the biggest green  
bond issuance to date by a conservation nonproft organization. The bond issuance is expected to help TNC achieve its 2030 goals—which include avoiding or sequestering 3  
billion metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent, conserving 650 million hectares of healthy land, 30 million  
hectares of freshwater, and 4 billion hectares of oceans—and fnance and refnance eligible green projects  
that contribute toward maximizing resilience and benefts for ecosystems and vulnerable communities. 
6  Source: Dealogic Sustainable Finance Report, Syndicated Bonds, Loans & Equity, Full Year 2022. Note that third-party estimates of GSS bond underwriting may not be the same as JPMC-produced data for GSS bond underwriting in our Sustainable Development Target. 
15 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES ESG SOLUTIONS 
ESG Solutions is a team of investment bankers who provide ESG-related advice and  
transaction support to advance sustainability solutions for our clients and to pro -
vide clients access to ESG- and sustainability-focused capital across equity, debt and  
private markets. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, ESG Solutions also co-ordi -
nates JPMorgan Chase’s investment banking coverage of clients in emerging green  
economy sectors. The group works with other investment banking teams across the  
CIB to identify and execute on ESG-related advisory and product opportunities.  
Since inception, ESG Solutions has helped clients access ESG-focused capital across  
equity, debt and private markets and has had a key role in several IPOs. For exam -
ple, in 2022, the ESG Solutions team assisted Northvolt, a Sweden-based EV battery  
manufacturer, prepare investor-focused materials to showcase its operational sus -
tainability credentials to demonstrate how ESG principles are incorporated through -
out its business. The team’s work supported Northvolt’s approximately $1.1 billion  
pre-IPO convertible note for which J.P. Morgan acted as a joint placement agent.  
GLOBAL MARKETS SUSTAINABILITY CENTER 
Within CIB Markets, the Global Markets Sustainability Center (“GMSC”) provides sus -
tainability solutions across asset classes to help clients who seek to realize their  
sustainability strategies and transition their portfolios to a low-carbon economy. For  
example, in 2022, GMSC developed a climate transition framework, working with a  
large institutional client by leveraging in-house expertise and looking at traditional  
and non-traditional climate data (e.g. news analytics). This unique solution allows  
for a practical multi-asset strategy solution to address the client’s needs for imple -
mentable carbon reduction targets as part of their net-zero ambitions. ADVANCING SUSTAINABILITY THROUGH ESG INVESTMENT RESEARCH 
Global Research produces a range of ESG-focused investment research to meet  
investors’ needs for timely insights and analysis that support their broad range of  
sustainability and ESG investment strategies. In 2022, we published approximately  
900 ESG-related reports across key regions. Our published ESG content has  
included regular thematic thought pieces on key developments in ESG and sustain -
ability; collaborative pieces between ESG and sector analysts that assess ESG issues  
with industry context; and our ESGQ methodology, a proprietary scoring tool which  
combines data designed to capture the long-term corporate responsibility profles of  
companies and their evolution over time with more frequently updated data points.  
In addition, in the J.P. Morgan Perspectives series, we published several departmen -
tal ESG collaborations, most notably focusing on climate innovation, gender parity,  
food security and cyber-security. Moreover, the J.P. Morgan suite of ESG fxed  
income indices (JESG index family) serves clients globally with ESG benchmarks and  
has approximately $40 billion in assets managed against it. 
To refect the evolving client demand for ESG Research, we appointed a Head of ESG  
Methodology & Integration, who reports to our Co-Heads of ESG Research. We also  
launched ESG Discovery, our frst digital platform for ESG research content in the  
EMEA region to centrally house all ESG inputs from our sector and ESG analysts, and  
address clients’ needs for both thematic deep-dives and stock-specifc views. The  
platform leverages artifcial intelligence (“AI”) designed to identify the most rele -
vant ESG themes for specifc sectors and stocks and to centralize views on the expo -
sure to and management of these ESG themes by company, allowing clients to  
screen for and compare companies, as well as access suggested engagement ques -
tions f  rom our sector analysts.  
The Firm also facilitated dialogue between investors, companies and regulators on  
key ESG issues by hosting our 7th Global ESG Conference in 2022, which was  
attended by over 700 participants globally. 
The Firm’s environmental sustainability strategy includes: scaling green solutions, meeting needs responsibly, 
and minimizing operational impact. Pictured: Dallas, Texas 
16 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Meeting Needs Responsibly 
While we work to scale green technologies and solutions, we also seek to use our  
capital and expertise to meet client demands and support societal and economic  
needs. A sustained move to greener energy sources will not happen without a plan  
to allocate fnancing resources. Examples of this work include aligning our lending  
and underwriting decisions with our portfolio-level emissions intensity reduction  
targets in key carbon-intensive sectors, managing climate risks thoughtfully in our  
business, and deploying our philanthropic capital to support initiatives that help vul -
nerable communities globally advance their resilience to climate change. 
Aligning our Financing with the 
Goals of the Paris Agreement 
A key aspect of our strategy is how we engage with our clients who operate in carbon-  
intensive industries, with the goal of accelerating the low-carbon transition and encour -
aging near-term actions that will set a path for global achievement of net-zero emissions.  
In 2022, we announced emissions intensity reduction targets for three sectors of our  
fnancing portfolio—Iron & Steel, Cement and Aviation—building on the approach  
and foundation we set with our initial three sectors—Oil & Gas, Electric Power and  
Auto Manufacturing. Our new targets are intended to align to the International  
Energy Agency’s (“IEA”) Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (“NZE”). We chose to  
address these three additional sectors given their contribution to total global emis -
sions, and in consideration of their technical and economic maturity of their avail -
able decarbonization pathways. We believe expansion to additional sectors also  
helps us further sharpen our focus on the interplay between the supply and demand  
sides of the global energy system, which is vital to advancing overall decarboniza -
tion and the global path to net-zero emissions. We aim to continue expanding this work over time for additional carbon-intensive sec-
tors, engaging with our clients on their decarbonization journeys, and aligning that work with global climate goals and evolving best practices for the fnancial sector. 
For more information on the methodology behind setting our new net-zero aligned  
targets, please see our Carbon Compass
SM methodology . 
HOW WE ARE DRIVING PROGRESS TOWARD OUR TARGETS 
As we continue to expand our sector-specifc targets, we are also focused on aligning 
our capabilities and eforts to make progress toward them. We strive to use our knowledge and expertise to help clients frame and act on their decarbonization plans. 
A framework for assessing our clients’ progress. To bring a climate lens to the way  
we make fnancing decisions, we have developed an assessment methodology of our  
clients’ emissions and decarbonization plans for consideration in our decision mak -
ing of new in-scope fnancing transactions for in-scope clients in our targeted sec -
tors. Our Carbon Assessment Framework (“CAF”) uses a combination of quantitative  
and qualitative measures to evaluate clients’ climate ambition and performance. We  
believe our framework is reasonably designed currently, but the Firm will continue  
to look for enhancement opportunities. Other key elements of our strategy include Governance of our progress, client  
engagement, and capital facilitation and deployment; our  2022 Climate Report  pro-
vides further details. Climate Resilience Grantmaking 
JPMorgan Chase deploys philanthropic capital to nonproft organizations to sup -
port initiatives that help vulnerable communities in diferent parts of the world  
advance their resilience to climate change. Since 2019, we have committed over $16  
million in grants to advance resilience to climate change, supporting initiatives with  
local, regional, and international organizations. To learn more about how we help  
the communities we serve respond to climate change and thrive in a low-carbon  
future, see page 37. 
17 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Minimizing Our  
Operational Impact 
Another key component of our approach to sustainability is managing the environmental impact from our operations.  
Our reported operational environmental footprint is a result of our day-to-day activities and the resources we consume  
across our more than 6,000 corporate ofces, bank branches and data centers around the world. Our strategy for mini -
mizing this impact focuses on optimizing how we source and use energy, reducing direct and indirect GHG emissions, and  
enhancing resource management, including in how we design and operate our buildings, and through our supply chain. 
Our Operational Sustainability Targets7 
TARGETS MET, ANNUALLY RECURRING 
Maintain carbon-neutral  
operations Source renewable energy 
for 
100% of our global 
power needs Divert 100% of e-waste from landﬁlls Pur
 chase 100% of our 
paper from c
ertiﬁed 
sources 
IN-PROGRESS TARGETS 
Reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 40%  
by 2030 vs. a 2017 baseline Satisfy at least 70%  of 
our rene
wable energy 
goal with on-site renew-able energy and o•-site long-term renewable 
energy contracts by 2025 Reduce global water use 
by  20% b
y 2030 vs. a 
2017 baseline Reduce o˘ce paper use by  90% b
y 2025 vs. a 
2017 baseline Energy Optimization and GHG Emission Reduction 
We are pursuing eforts to optimize energy use and reduce our GHG footprint across our global operations. Our eforts are  
guided by several of our key operational sustainability targets, including reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 40% by 2030,  
sourcing renewable energy for 100% of our global power needs annually, satisfying at least 70% of our renewable energy goal  
with on-site generation and long-term renewable energy contracts by 2025, and maintaining carbon neutral operations annually. 
With these goals in mind, our strategy focuses on the following: 
IMPROVING EFFICIENCY 
AND ACCELERATING ELECTRIFICATION   
 
Reducing energy use and using less 
carbon-intensive energy sources are  
our frst priorities. We continue to undertake a variety of energy ef-ciency measures—for example, opti-mizing the use of heating and cool-ing in our buildings and procuring more efcient servers for our data centers—and to expand their imple -
mentation across our operations.  
We are also looking for electrifca-tion opportunities within our build -
ings, branches and data centers. SOURCING RENEWABLES 
Next, we are focused on transition -
ing to zero-carbon energy sources,  
including installing on-site solar  
systems at JPMorgan Chase prop -
erties and establishing long-term renewable energy procurement  
agreements (e.g., power purchase agreements (“PPAs”) and green  
power supply contracts). PURCHASING ENERGY 
ATTRIBUTE CERTIFICATES (“EACS”) AND CARBON CREDITS  
 
Finally, to continue to meet our  
commitment to source renewable  
energy for 100% of our global  
power needs and address the  
remainder of our reported emis -
sions8 , we
 purchase applicable 
EACs (e.g., Green-E certifed  
Renewable Energy Certifcates  
("RECs"), International-RECs) and  
carbon credits. For more informa -
tion on our purchase of carbon  
credits, please see page 21. 
7  For more information on our progress toward our operational targets, visit our website . 
8  This includes Scope 1 (direct) GHG emissions from building operations and company-owned aircraft and vehicles; Scope 2 (indirect) GHG emissions from purchased electricity and steam; and Scope 3 (indirect) GHG emissions associated with business travel. 
18 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES IMPROVING EFFICIENCY AND ACCELERATING ELECTRIFICATION 
Optimizing the Firm’s use of energy is not only essential for reducing our GHG emissions, but also a means  
of enhancing our operations and reducing energy costs. We therefore work to identify and implement ef -
ciency measures across our global operations. Highlights of our progress in 2022 included: 
Data center efciency: With the growing role of technology in fnancial services, data centers are an  
important component of our operations. To help manage the energy footprint from our data centers, we  
are implementing a global strategic data center confguration designed to an optimum size to serve our  
overall portfolio, and we continue to enhance the efciency of individual data centers. Our strategy  
includes migrating to newer, more efcient hardware and software to increase utilization and sharing of  
physical infrastructure. This drives down the size and number of servers needed to process our business,  
which lowers power consumption. We are also expanding the collection of detailed, real-time performance  
data to inform how we design, build and operate data centers, this has allowed us to operate our data cen -
ters at warmer temperatures and save energy. In addition, we have implemented modern cooling technol -
ogy that increases our energy efciency. Electrifcation:  Another key energy and emissions reduction opportunity is electrifcation. Transitioning  
away from the use of natural gas and other fossil fuels not only reduces direct emissions and enables  
greater use of renewables but can also result in lower overall energy consumption—electric systems often  
convert a greater share of total energy into useful output than the systems they replace. To that end, we  
intend to design and build fully electrifed retail branches wherever possible. We are additionally working  
to make greater use of electric transportation—for example, in urban areas, we are selecting local courier  
vendors who can ofer electric vehicles or push bikes to deliver business-to-business packages, reducing  
emissions and complying with emissions regulations. We are also continuing work to transition JPMorgan  
Chase’s entire owned vehicle feet to electric by the end of 2025. In addition to the above eforts, we are exploring and committing capital to full electrifcation and other  
strategies to enhance energy efciency across our real estate portfolio. For more information, see Sustain -
able Buildings on page 22. 
The Firm continues to expand on-site solar power at our corporate ofce buildings and retail branches across the U.S. Pictured: Carmel, Indiana . Image courtesy of EVgo. 
OUR 2022 OPERATIONAL FOOTPRINT 
JPMorgan Chase’s reported operational GHG emissions are driven by two primary activities: powering our buildings (e.g., electricity,  
heating and cooling) and business travel. Scope 1 GHG emissions include those from building operations and company-owned aircraft  
and vehicles. Scope 2 emissions, from purchased electricity, are the largest driver of our building-related emissions and overall oper -
ational GHG footprint. The majority of our Scope 3 business travel-related emissions are driven by commercially operated air travel  
but includes other activities such as rail, car rental and hotel stays. A small portion of our business travel emissions are Scope 1  
emissions from company-owned aircraft and vehicles. We expect to continue to evaluate additional categories of operational emis -
sions for future reporting. For more information, see the detailed environmental data tables posted on our website . 
19 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES SOURCING RENEWABLES 
We are working to scale our use of renewable energy from both on-site installations  
and long-term energy procurement contracts to further reduce our operational  
emissions. Our goal is to increase the proportion of our global power needs being  
met by these solutions to at least 70% by the end of 2025, to help maximize the  
positive impact of our energy procurement strategy. 
On-site solar:  We continue to expand on-site solar power at our corporate ofce  
buildings and retail branches across the U.S. In 2022, we executed contracts for  
on-site solar at fve of our commercial campuses and approved planning for addi -
tional solar capacity at another fve locations. We aim to complete construction at  
all ten locations by the end of 2025, which would bring the total size of our commer -
cial solar program to over 90 MW. Within our retail portfolio, we have made on-site  
solar a standard feature of our branches, where local regulations and circumstances  
allow. As of December 31, 2022, we had added solar installations at more than 400  
branches in nine states including Arizona, California, Ohio and New Jersey, for a  
total capacity of 15.7 MW. With additional installations currently in the planning  
stages, our goal is to increase total solar capacity at our retail locations to over 25  
MW by the end of 2024.  
Long-term energy contracts:  By securing additional renewable energy through  
long-term PPAs and green power supply contracts, we seek not only to meet our  
own energy needs but to steer capital toward projects that beneft the communities  
and regions where we operate. In 2022, our eforts included expanding our use of  
long-term contracts across our global operational footprint. We now have renewable  
energy agreements serving ofce locations in France, Germany, Switzerland, Ire -
land, Spain, Italy, Luxembourg and India.  EXPANDING ON-SITE SOLAR 
Previously Installed9
Installed
Planned
Retail Solar Program
Capacity (MW)
0.44.110.215.7
3.76.15.5
2019
2020
2021
2022
Commercial Solar Program
Capacity (MW)
6.413.629.041.9 42.792.8
16.5
3.23.8
2018 2019 2020 2021 202222.6
13.616.6
32.362.9
9  Cumulative capacity installed in previous years. 
20 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES PURCHASING CARBON CREDITS10 
To complement our emissions reduction strategy, we also have an annual commitment to neutralize emis -
sions that we have not yet eliminated through direct improvements to our operations. This commitment  
includes Scope 1 (direct) GHG emissions from building operations and company-owned aircraft and vehi -
cles, Scope 2 (indirect) GHG emissions from purchased electricity and Scope 3 (indirect) GHG emissions  
associated with business travel. This goal also provides an opportunity to help the development of the vol -
untary carbon markets and support investment in climate solutions, in order to help accelerate the transi -
tion to a low-carbon economy. In 2022, we met our carbon-neutral goal for the third year in a row, using  
carbon credits to help us achieve neutrality. We are committed to maintaining carbon neutral operations  
each year going forward. 
Our carbon credit portfolio is made up of credits from both nature-based and engineered removal proj -
ects, including improved forest management, grassland restoration, blue carbon and biochar. By support -
ing diferent kinds of carbon removal projects, we can help develop the broader market and scale emerg -
ing solutions. As we move forward, we aim to progressively shift our focus from shorter-durability, nature-
based carbon credits toward long-term or permanent carbon removal, refecting our desire to address our  
residual emissions with what we view as the highest-quality carbon credits available. 
IMPLEMENTING AN INTERNAL PRICE ON CARBON 
To support internal transparency and accountability, and accelerate progress toward our operational  
sustainability targets, we began the process of implementing the Climate Impact Contribution (“CIC”),  
which puts a price on the operational GHG emissions generated by our business activities, creating a  
pool of funds dedicated to support initiatives necessary to achieve our operational sustainability tar -
gets. This mechanism is designed to allow leadership to gain greater visibility of the emissions associ -
ated with their organization’s activities as well as their fnancial contribution toward sustainability ini -
tiatives. We plan to continue to evaluate the CIC and gather insights from its implementation.  CASE STUDY CARBON CREDITS FOR BIODIVERSITY 
By purchasing high-quality nature-based carbon credits to address the remainder of our operational GHG emissions, we can help  
restore the natural world and its rich biodiversity, while also benefting local communities.  
For example, in 2022, we purchased carbon credits from the Indus Delta Blue Carbon Project, a blue carbon project on the  
south-east coast of Pakistan. This project is one of the largest mangrove forest restoration eforts in the world, and the frst  
phase is expected to restore and protect approximately 555,000 acres of mangroves, which are among the world’s most diverse  
and vulnerable ecosystems. Coastal wetlands, dominated by mangroves and saltmarsh plants, are efective carbon sinks that  
also deliver numerous other environmental and community benefts. The project area provides important habitats to coastal fsh  
and several globally endangered or threatened species, including the rare Indus river dolphins, the Indian pangolin and the fsh -
ing cat. These coastal wetlands also serve as a refuge for many migratory shorebirds, supporting wildlife conservation. 
The project is also expected to provide enhanced ecosystem services and economic opportunities to nearby communities. The  
dense vegetation and coastal fringe location of the project area act as a protective barrier, mitigating potential damage from  
natural disturbances such as hurricanes and tsunamis. Proceeds from carbon sales and project activities are expected to be  
directed to help provide access to safe and clean water, and help support sustainable job opportunities as people are hired to  
restore wetlands, plant trees and revegetate the area. 
10  Carbon credits and the market for them are evolving rapidly. Although we endeavor to source high-quality carbon credits verifed by independent third parties, the ability to use carbon credits to fully and permanently "ofset" emissions or achieve carbon "neutrality" relies on certain assumptions and is subject to debate among experts. 
21 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Sustainable Buildings 
As a fnancial services company, the bulk of our reported operational environmental impact stems from how we  
design, build and operate our buildings. We therefore seek to take a holistic approach to enhancing the sustainability  
of our real estate portfolio, with a particular focus on increasing energy and resource efciency; reducing emissions;  
and creating healthy, productive spaces for our customers, clients and employees. Our priority initiatives currently 
include the following: 
Artifcial Intelligence building management:  In an efort to increase the efciency of our ofce buildings, through the  
end of 2022, we installed a smart building management software at over 5 million square feet of our real estate port -
folio. The software is designed to analyze historical and real-time data from occupancy monitoring devices, indoor air  
quality sensors, building electricity meters and distributed energy resources, and utilizes artifcial intelligence to opti -
mize heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems in real-time. This seeks to use the least amount of energy while  
maximizing thermal comfort and indoor air quality for occupants. New branch lighting plan:  In 2022, we completed development of a new lighting standard that is intended to reduce  
lighting-related power consumption for future retail branches by nearly 30% and, in turn, Scope 2 GHG emissions as  
well as lifetime energy costs. Net-zero branch pilots:  In 2022, we opened a Chase retail branch in Pico Rivera, California, that is piloting a net-zero  
carbon design. Built from the ground up, the new branch incorporates a full range of low-carbon technologies and  
building techniques including a wood frame modular design, low-carbon concrete, enhanced insulation, rooftop solar  
arrays, full electrifcation and reclaimed asphalt in the parking lots. The material choices for the pilot project reduced  
embodied carbon by more than 10% when measured against our typical national branch design. Carbon credits will be  
procured to address any emissions associated with the embodied carbon of the building that cannot be mitigated  
through sustainable design. The branch is now undergoing an intensive energy performance analysis to meet third-
party standards for low-carbon design, while also providing insights to inform the design of future branches. In 2022,  
we also launched pilots for fve additional net-zero branches. Our intention is to leverage lessons from these pilots in  
order to apply sustainable design principles to future branches. 
Sustainable materials:  As part of the above eforts, we continue to seek opportunities to deploy sustainable and  
low-carbon construction materials, including carbon negative carpeting, eco-insulation, FSC-certifed wood, and low -
er-carbon concrete made with a 100% recycled post-consumer glass that can replace up to 50% of cement in con -
crete, creating a more durable, longer-lasting, and lower-carbon concrete. The frm has incorporated this lower-carbon  
concrete into all of the foor slabs in our new headquarters building and is considering additional applications. 
The Firm’s new headquarters is expected to be Manhattan’s frst all-electric tower. Image courtesy of DBOX / Foster + Partners. 
22 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Sustainable Sourcing 
We recognize that the environmental and social impact of our operations extends to  
our suppliers’ practices, which is why we continue to develop and formalize eforts  
to monitor and engage with suppliers concerning their sustainability performance.  
Our eforts included the following: 
Supplier Environmental Sustainability Guidelines:  In 2023, we established new  
Supplier Environmental Sustainability Guidelines, which are designed to educate our  
suppliers as to how they can integrate positive environmental practices within their  
own organizations and to set the foundation for further incorporating environmen -
tal considerations into our procurement process.  
Performance assessment:  Throughout 2022, we invited more than 850 of our top  
suppliers, representing approximately 80% of the previous year’s total supplier  
spend, to complete a third-party sustainability assessment, which evaluates prac -
tices on multiple dimensions including environment, ethics, labor and human rights, 
procurement and GHG emissions. We intend to use the results of the assessments to  
establish baselines and identify future impact reduction or improvement projects  
with each supplier. 
Advancing industry best practices:  To strategically enhance engagement and  
impact with suppliers across our industry, we spearheaded the creation of a fnan -
cial institution consortium within the Sustainable Procurement Leadership Council.  
The new group provides a forum for our industry to share best practices, and work  
on initiatives to build capacity and enhance sustainability performance of suppliers. For more information on how we engage with our suppliers and our eforts to  
improve supplier diversity, see pages 33 and 60. Resource Management 
Responsible resource management is an important part of our sustainability strategy, 
helping us reduce our environmental impact while improving efciency and reducing costs. We are focused on reducing our water and waste footprint, and appropriately managing the waste we generate. Recent highlights of these eforts include: 
Conserving water:  Our target is to reduce water use by 20% by 2030, compared to  
a 2017 baseline. Across many of our corporate ofces and branches, we have  
deployed a number of water efciency measures, including low-fow fxtures, aera -
tors and touch-free faucets. To build on these eforts, we are planning to install  
smart meters across our real estate portfolio that will allow us to collect more accu -
rate and timely water use data. This will help us better monitor and control our  
water use, and to identify and prioritize further efciency opportunities. We are also  
planning to move retail branches to a new landscaping standard that will use little  
to no irrigation depending on the local climate. The standard also aims to leverage  
native species that promote biodiversity and local habitat creation. Reducing ofce waste: To help meet our goal of reducing ofce paper use by 90%  
by 2025, we have optimized our ofce printer feet by 41% compared to a 2017 base -
line by replacing older equipment, removing under-utilized printers and introducing  
no-printing preferences for some business roles. To further reduce paper use, we  
are working to eliminate single-use paper cups from our ofces in the U.S. and U.K.  
We continue to reduce single-use plastics in our ofce pantries, cafes, and confer -
ence centers. Since 2019, we have eliminated plastic bottles from cafes and pantries  
in the U.S. and U.K. Diverting waste from landfll:  We strive to reduce our global waste stream through  
a variety of activities. We continued implementing our Total Waste Management 
Program, which is designed to deliver a consistent waste minimization and recycling  
strategy globally for our non-hazardous ofce waste streams and targets a 90%  
waste diversion rate. As part of this efort, we replaced individual workstation bins  
with centralized waste stations for landfll, recycling and composting, where avail -
able. This centralized waste approach increases employee awareness of proper  
waste disposal and therefore decreases contamination rates, and helps lower costs  
of individual waste bin liners and custodial services. We have deployed over 5,000  
centralized waste bins globally in ofce kitchens and cafes, communal desk areas,  
and loading docks. We are also piloting AI-powered cameras and sensors to monitor  
waste once it reaches the dumpster. This technology has the ability to detect dump -
ster fullness, improving collection efciency, and levels of waste stream contamina -
tion. In addition to in-ofce waste, we are also focused on reducing waste from the  
construction and renovation of our buildings, requiring a minimum of 75% of proj -
ect waste be diverted from landflls, where local supply chains allow.  
Improving lifecycle management of technology assets:  We expanded our Portfolio  
Lifecycle Management program to provide cradle-to-grave optimization of our tech -
nology assets. The program targets reduction of electronic waste (“e-waste”), efec -
tive asset recovery and redeployment, and proactive decommissioning of unneeded  
or unclaimed assets. As a result of these eforts, the Firm has prolonged the useful  
life of equipment and achieved millions of dollars in cost-avoidance. The program  
also helped identify and decommission hundreds of unnecessary servers and other  
devices in our branches, reducing power consumption. To further our target of  
diverting 100% of e-waste from landflls, we select vendors to dispose of our  
e-waste responsibly. In 2022 alone, our e-waste program diverted over 650 metric  
tons of solid waste, avoiding nearly 1,800 mtCO
2e of GHG emissions. 
23 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Our Approach to Environmental 
Sustainability 
Scaling Green Solutions Meeting Needs Responsibly Minimizing Our Operational Impact 
SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Social 
Our Firm’s success is linked to the strength of the communities we serve and the talent of our people. We  
utilize the power of our businesses, combined with philanthropic capital, data-driven insights and policy  
expertise to help support a more inclusive and sustainable economy. At the core of these eforts is our  
Racial Equity Commitment and our work to advance diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEI") within our orga -
nization. JPMorgan Chase also invests in our people through all phases of the employee life cycle and  
seeks to foster an inclusive and supportive work environment. 
JPMorgan Chase’s Racial Equity Commitment aims to help 
close the racial wealth gap and advance economic inclusion for 
underserved communities in the U.S. Pictured: Dallas, Texas 
 
   
 
  2022 Highlights 
• Nearly $29 billion of progress, as of December 31, 2022, toward our fve-year Racial Equity Commitment. 
• Up to $10 million in matching and other initiatives to support humanitarian relief eforts in Ukraine, 
in addition to $1.5 million provided through employee donations, the largest giving campaign in the Firm’s history. 
• Over $412 million in philanthropic capital globally, of which over $325 million was in grant capital and over $86 million in loan and equity capital. 
24 Feature: Our Racial 
Equity Commitment 
We believe our business is stronger when our economy is more inclusive, which is why in 2020, JPMorgan Chase  
announced its $30 billion Racial Equity Commitment to help close the racial wealth gap and advance economic inclusion  
among Black, Hispanic, Latino and underserved customers and communities in the U.S. The commitment includes incre -
mental lending and equity investments11, a
s well as philanthropic capital, products and services. While the original com -
mitment period extends through 2025, we intend to continue working to advance racial equity with the long-term in  
mind, laying the groundwork, innovating our business practices, and advancing solutions to provide more equitable  
access to fnancial opportunities for Black, Hispanic, Latino, and underserved customers and communities. 
As of December 31, 2022, we are reporting nearly $29 billion12 o f progress toward our fve-year Racial Equity Commit -
ment, which focuses on the following key areas: 
•  I ncreasing Homeownership 
•  Expanding afordable rental housing and support for vital community institutions 
•  Growing small businesses 
•  Spending more with Black, Hispanic and Latino suppliers 
•  Improving fnancial health and access to banking 
•  Investing in Minority Depository Institutions and Community Development Financial Institutions 
•  Providing Philanthropic Capital to advance an inclusive economic recovery and support Black, Hispanic, Latino and  
underserved communities 
•  Accelerating investment in employees and building a more diverse and inclusive workforce. Please see the Diver -
sity Equity & Inclusion section on page 38 for updates on our hiring goals. 
The Firm is striving to help close the racial wealth gap and advance economic inclusion through fnancial health and wealth creation workshops and community events across the 
country.  Pictured: Atlanta, Georgia 
The Racial Equity Commitment’s 2022 progress was largely driven by incentives for afordable rental housing preservation and  
homeownership refnancing—areas where the Firm incentivized the preservation of afordable housing, while rents rose rapidly,  
and saved customers money on their mortgages, while rates were historically low. With that said, as rates continue to rise, our  
incremental progress continues to be impacted, most notably in the areas of homeownership and small business. For instance,  
we have lost ground on progress of our refnancing commitment.  
While we are pleased with achieving nearly $29 billion of progress, volatile market conditions, including rising interest rates,  
contributed to slower progress against our commitment and may continue to present challenges. For detailed information on  
each commitment’s progress, please see our website . 
11  Refects new products or investments since the October 2020 announcement or incremental dollars and/or units (annual results measured as progress against 2019 business results). 
12  REC reported progress of $28.9 billion is refected in both dollars and units, as applicable in the Racial Equity Commitment Progress Update on our website . 
25 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Areas of Focus and Strategies 
Our Firm’s breadth of resources allows us to make an impact in several areas that  
help to address the racial wealth gap and create economic opportunity for commu -
nities historically left behind. The following explores each of the Racial Equity Com -
mitment’s pillars and shares our strategic approaches. 
INCREASING HOMEOWNERSHIP  
We continue our eforts to advance equitable access to homeownership for Black,  
Hispanic and Latino households. In doing so, we can help stabilize and revitalize  
communities across the country. Our commitment to increase homeownership with 
Black, Hispanic, and Latino customers is inclusive of every income level because  
homeownership inequity exists across the fnancial spectrum.  
We execute on and enhance our six-pillar Community and Afordable Lending strategy,  
with focus on investing in our people and partners as we continue to increase our pres -
ence in the communities we serve, enhancing our products and programs to expand  
access to credit, and participating in policy reform to drive more inclusive growth. 
Moreover, we advocate for change in our industry and innovate where we can. Addi -
tionally, we have more than 160 Community Home Lending Advisors13  w
ith a special  
focus on serving home buyers in minority communities. We have established a Spe -
cial Purpose Credit Program (“SPCP”) to ofer a $5,000 Chase Homebuyer Grant for  
customers purchasing a home in over 11,000 majority Black and Hispanic/Latino  
communities. We also expanded the Community Lending Program incentive14 to  
r
egional mortgage lenders that originate in Black and Hispanic/Latino communities  
across all Chase markets. EXPAND AFFORDABLE RENTAL HOUSING AND SUPPORT FOR VITAL 
COMMUNITY INSTITUTIONS  
We continue to pursue innovative fnancing solutions and work with new public  
resources to support the development of afordable housing and vital community  
institutions. These eforts help create and preserve housing for LMI individuals and  
families. The Firm makes data-driven policy recommendations aimed at preserving  
and increasing availability and equitable access to afordable housing for renters. 
By ofering owners and operators rate discounts, nearly all of 2021 borrowers partic -
ipating in our Commercial Term Lending Afordable Housing Preservation Program15  
m
aintained designated afordable rent pricing and re-qualifed for a discounted loan. 
At the onset of our Racial Equity Commitment, we announced a $400 million  
i
ncrease of Low Income Housing Tax Credit (“LIHTC”) investments. After meeting  
that initial $400 million target, the Firm increased its commitment to an incremen -
tal $400 million annually, totaling $2 billion in LIHTC investments over fve years.  
These investments leverage equity commitments to construct and rehabilitate  
afordable rental housing. To see an example of how our work with LIHTC and New  
Market Tax Credits is helping redevelop communities, see our Evermont Los Angeles  
Bridge Housing Corp / Primestor Case Study on page 10.  
GROWING SMALL BUSINESSES 
As we support small businesses in majority Black, Hispanic and Latino communities,  
we continue to review how the Firm evaluates credit applications, with the goal of  
expanding access to credit and introducing new product oferings. In 2022, we  
launched a SPCP for small businesses in historically underserved areas. By the end  
of the year, we hired more than 40 local Senior Business Consultants who provide  
one-on-one coaching and host educational events, community workshops, and busi -
ness training seminars to support minority entrepreneurs across 21 U.S. cities.  IMPROVING FINANCIAL HEALTH AND ACCESS TO BANKING  
The Firm continues its eforts to improve the fnancial health and resiliency of our  
customers and communities, with plans to open more branches—including Commu -
nity Center branches in LMI communities, hire additional Community Managers, and  
host more fnancial health workshops and community events to reach more people  
across the country. We also continue to seek opportunities to innovate our products  
to beneft customers. For instance, in 2022, we launched Early Direct Deposit, which  
allows customers to receive their paychecks two days early. This feature is exclu -
sively for our Chase Secure Checking customers, a Bank On-certifed low-cost check -
ing account with no overdraft fees.  
INVESTING IN MINORITY DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS AND 
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
 
Our Firm understands and appreciates the unique role that Minority Depository Insti -
tutions (“MDIs”) and Community Development Financial Institutions (“CDFIs”) play in  
our communities. Our support of these essential institutions helps them to maximize  
their impact and serve communities that have historically been underserved. Over  
the last two years, the Firm has invested more than $100 million of equity in diverse-
owned and -led MDIs and CDFIs. Each MDI and CDFI is onboarded as a client and con -
nected to the Firm’s expertise, network, and advisory support—including volunteers from the Firm’s Advancing Black Pathways Fellows and Service Corps programs. 
SUPPLIER DIVERSITY 
We believe that diversifying our ecosystem of suppliers is good for our stakehold -
ers—including the businesses we work with, the communities in which they live and  
serve, and for our own frm. As part of our commitment, we are dedicated to the  
development and utilization of qualifed Black, Hispanic, and Latino businesses.  
JPMorgan Chase has established a frst-of-its-kind supplier grant program to help  
qualifed Black, Hispanic and Latino-owned businesses access key compliance mea -
sures that may be cost-prohibitive like cybersecurity, insurance bonding and other  
infrastructure costs. For more information on how the Firm is supporting its diverse  
suppliers, see page 33. 
13  As of December 31, 2022. 
14  The Chase Correspondent Community Lending Program is a Non-Delegated Agency program via Best Eforts Flow in targeted underserved markets. This program includes our standard Correspondent ofering and pricing incentives, reduced fees, expanded credit box and preferred underwriting status, with a dedicated program support team. 
15  Borrowers qualify for the Preservation Program based on project documentation and afordability targets (>50% of the rental units are noted as afordable based on current rent levels of each unit and county area median income (“AMI”)). Borrowers in the Preservation Program beneft from a graduated interest rate discount to maintain rental 
unit afordability and must re-qualify annually. 
26 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES  
 Racial Equity Commitment Program-To-Date Progress Through 2022 
Data provided below is through December 31, 2022. For further details on dollar and unit progress, eligibility criteria, and reporting methodology, see the detailed Racial Equity Commitment data  
table on our website . 
Commitment Pillar In Units In Dollars ($M) 
EXPANDING AFFORDABLE RENTAL HOUSING AND SUPPORT FOR VITAL COMMUNITY INSTITUTIONS 
Through our Commercial Term Lending Afordable Housing Preservation Program, provide $10 billion to incentivize the preservation of 100,000 designated afordable housing rental units16 169,381  $18,295.8  
Expand Commercial Term Lending to government-subsidized afordable housing programs to help preserve an incremental 22,000 units of afordable housing  4,358  $439.8  
Fund an incremental $1 billion of construction and rehabilitation of 5,000 afordable housing units for low- and moderate-income households  7,504   $3,884.2
Fund an incremental $1 billion of loans and 7,000 afordable rental units through development of Agency and Of-Balance Sheet Lending through government-sponsored enterprise partnerships  1,464   $15 5.7  
Fund an incremental $500 million in New Market Tax Credits (“NMTC”)  N/A  $312.2  
Fund $500 million in long-term investments in Preservation Funds  N/A  $138.7  
Increase Low Income Housing Tax Credit (“LIHTC”) investments by an incremental $2 billion17 N/A  $1,179.6  
INCREASING HOMEOWNERSHIP AMONG BLACK, LATINO, AND HISPANIC HOUSEHOLDS INCLUSIVE OF ALL INCOME LEVELS Originate an incremental 40,000 home loans worth $8 billion, over and above the Firm's 2019 baseline (2,673)  $764.7  
Refnance an incremental 20,000 home loans worth $4 billion, over and above the Firm's 2019 baseline  14,240   $3,352.6  
GROWING SMALL BUSINESSES Provide an incremental $2 billion and 15,000 in loans to businesses in majority-Black and Latino/Hispanic communities, over and above the Firm's 2019 baseline   (3,164)  $(1,175.9) 
SPENDING MORE WITH BLACK, HISPANIC AND LATINO SUPPLIERS Spend an additional $750 million with Black, Hispanic and Latino suppliers  N/A  $556.0  
IMPROVING FINANCIAL HEALTH AND ACCESS TO BANKING Help 1 million customers open low-cost checking accounts  406,495   N/A  
Open 14 Community Center Branches in underserved communities  13  N/A  
Hire 150 Community Managers  146  N/A  
Open 100 branches in low- to moderate-income (“LMI”) communities  76  N/A  
INVESTING IN MINORITY DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS AND COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS Provide an incremental $300 million of fnancing to Community Development Financial Institutions (“CDFIs”)  N/A  $210.6
Inve
st $100 million in the form of capital and deposits to Black, Hispanic and Latino-owned or -led MDIs and CDFIs18 N/A  $106.0  
PHILANTHROPY Provide $2 billion in philanthropic capital to advance an inclusive economic recovery and support Black, Hispanic, Latino and underserved communities  N/A  $709.9  
TOTAL $28,929.8 
16  Borrowers (building owners or operators) in the Preservation Program beneft from a graduated interest rate discount, which facilitates their maintaining rental unit afordability. Afordability targets under the Preservation Program are tiered based on current rent levels of each 
unit and county area median income. 
17  Following the investment of $400 million in 2020, the Firm increased its LIHTC commitment to target an incremental $400 million annually, totaling $2 billion over fve years. This change increased the Firm’s total committed amount toward its Racial Equity Commitment. The increase does not impact the Firm’s other stated commitments. 
18  Includes one fnancial institution that provides products and services to MDIs and CDFIs to support Black, Hispanic and/or Latino communities. Program Highlights  
$18 billion 
toward Aordable Housing 
Preservation Program $4 billion 
for the construction and 
rehabilitation of 
aordable rental housing
$1 billion 
committed in incremental 
Low Income Housing Tax 
Credits investments 14,000 
incremental home loans 
reﬁnanced for Black, 
Hispanic and Latino 
homeowners at all 
household income levels
406,000 
net new low-cost 
checking accounts with 
no overdraft fees 146 
community 
managers hired 
13 
Community Center 
branches opened 76 
branches opened in low-
to-moderate income areas 
27 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Our Commitment in Action 
THE ASBERRY AT BARRY FARM 
JPMorgan Chase provided a $32.3 million construction loan and $9.5 million of long-term fnancing toward the con -
struction of The Asberry, a mixed-use building with 108 age-restricted afordable housing units at Barry Farm in  
2022. Barry Farm is a historic community in Washington D.C., that was established in 1867 for formerly enslaved  
Black Americans to own land after the Civil War. The Asberry is expected to be completed in 2024 and represents a  
redevelopment that will help a community thrive.  
JPMorgan Chase’s loans to Barry Farm are an example of the incremental fnancing to support the construction  
and rehabilitation of afordable housing across the United States.  
A PHILADELPHIAN BECOMES A FAMILY’S FIRST HOMEOWNER 
At an event in Philadelphia, a JPMorgan Chase Community Manager helped connect a retiring landlord and a Black  
frst-time homebuyer. 
With guidance from his JPMorgan Chase Community Home Lending Advisor, the buyer learned he qualifed for two  
grants, a $15,000 grant from Neighborhood LIFT and the $5,000 homebuying grant, for purchasing in an under -
served community. With these grants, the homebuyer closed on the unit in December 2022, becoming the frst  
homeowner in his family. The Firm is leaning on its resources—its presence in branches, its community-focused  
workforce, its grants, and more—to expand access to afordable homeownership and help reduce the homeowner -
ship gap for Black, Hispanic and Latino households. 
ALPHA COMPANY MARKETING AND MEDIA LLC  
JPMorgan Chase provides a range of development and collaboration opportunities for qualifed diverse businesses  
from historically underrepresented groups. In 2022, JPMorgan Chase helped Alpha Company Marketing and Media  
LLC, a bilingual digital marketing company, grow its business through its Chase minority-owned business mentorship  
program. The Houston-based, Latino-owned company gained eight business certifcations and acceptance into  
JPMorgan Chase’s Supplier Diversity Network. As a result of the Firm’s Mentorship Program, Alpha Company Market -
ing and Media LLC reported growth in their client portfolio that resulted in increased revenues.  Accountability and Transparency in Meeting Our Commitment 
We are holding ourselves accountable to achieving our Racial Equity Commitment. To that end, we have established a robust  
reporting and governance process to track our commitments and will continue to publicly share our progress. The Firm’s Community Impact Team is responsible for program-wide oversight and governance of the Racial Equity Commitment.  
Our lines of business, each of which is responsible for its commitment results and adherence to its governance framework, are  
accountable to both their respective Chief Executive Ofcer ("CEO") and the Community Impact Team. The Community Impact  
Team partners with market business leaders to deliver resources and activations at the local level. These market business lead -
ers include CEOs from each line of business and senior executives from applicable corporate functions. This is done in coordina -
tion with the Firm's Public Engagement team, which connects with external stakeholders, including civil rights organizations,  
consumer policy groups, nonproft organizations, civic leaders, trade associations, and diverse chambers of commerce for  
opportunities to collaborate. The Public Responsibility Committee of the JPMorgan Chase Board of Directors provides oversight of this work and is briefed on  
the Firm’s progress.  
In 2022, to reinforce the Firm’s commitment to transparency, JPMorgan Chase retained an independent accountant to perform  
an independent attestation examination of the reported progress toward the Racial Equity Commitment. The decision to retain  
an independent accountant was made following engagement with shareholders and was informed through the frm’s ongoing  
engagement with external civil rights and economic justice advisors. The Public Responsibility Committee of the JPMC Board of  
Directors provided oversight of the attestation engagement. The attestation examination was performed in accordance with the  
standards established by the American Institute of Certifed Public Accountants. Their report includes an unqualifed opinion that  
management’s assertion regarding progress in disbursed and/or committed dollars and progress in units toward the Firm’s  
Racial Equity Commitment is fairly stated, in all material respects; please see the 2022 Racial Equity Commitment Audit Report . 
The preparation for and completion of the independent third-party attestation examination has been a valuable process that will  
enhance future reporting. As we execute on our commitment, we will continue to report against our progress publicly. 
28 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Our Journey and The Road Ahead 
The Firm’s commitment to community revitalization and underserved and low-income households did not begin with  
the Racial Equity Commitment. Rather, the Racial Equity Commitment was born out of years of leveraging our resources  
to uplift customers and communities. 
These experiences include our eforts in Detroit following its bankruptcy, the implementation of our AdvancingCities  
program across the globe, and the formation of our Policy Center to develop evidence-based policy solutions to expand  
inclusive economic opportunity. Our history of advancing equity has positioned our Firm to execute the complex,  
multi-faceted $30 billion commitment. As our Firm progresses in its commitment, we have realized that this journey is ongoing and will not be limited to fve  
years. Rather, our work over the past two years has served as a catalyst to realize even more opportunities to advance  
racial equity. Our commitment to closing the racial wealth gap will remain, no matter what headwinds and economic  
uncertainties we face. We continue to see innovations born out of the Racial Equity Commitment. As announced in February 2021, our Empow -
ering Change program provides Minority Depository Institutions exclusive distribution rights to J.P. Morgan’s suite of  
institutional money market funds through the creation of the Empower share class. This approach provides these insti -
tutions with a recurring revenue opportunity and amplifes their ability to deliver ongoing positive change in their com -
munities. At the same time, corporate investors can support the socioeconomic goals of minority- and diverse-led  
fnancial institutions. It is an innovation that helps support DEI goals of corporate investors and lifts those who have  
historically been left behind. In two years, our Firm has nearly met its initial $30 billion commitment toward advancing racial equity. Yet, we are  
aware of the work that remains, both in meeting each of our individual commitments, and for our country as a whole.  
For this reason, we are committed to continuing this work and measuring its outcomes to help advance lasting racial  
equity and make meaningful contributions to closing the racial wealth gap. By providing fnancial tools, products, and  
services, the Firm aims to help close the racial wealth gap, consistent with our belief that our business is stronger when  
our economy is more inclusive.  
Chase Community Branches such as this Little Havana location in Miami, Florida, help improve access to banking services. 
29 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Inclusive Growth  
Our Firm believes that we are only as strong as the communi-
ties we serve and the economies they support. That is why JPMorgan Chase is helping build opportunities in neighbor-hoods and communities across the U.S. and the globe. We understand we can play a role in helping to drive local econo-mies, helping communities grow and building personal prosper-ity. This is particularly important during challenging times. As we navigate through economic instability, war, climate change and the long-term efects of the pandemic, we continue to help build a more sustainable, inclusive economy. Our eforts are focused where we believe we can leverage our business and expertise to create meaningful impact, including through: 
•  Building careers and skills 
•  Fueling business growth and entrepreneurship 
•  Catalyzing community development 
•  Strengthening fnancial health and wealth creation 
•  Promoting environmental sustainability within our  
communities 
We are bringing the reach and expertise of our Firm to take  
on these challenges, using the power of our businesses com -
bined with philanthropic capital, data-driven insights and pol -
icy expertise. Underpinning and informing all these eforts is  
our Firm’s commitment to DEI and sustainable development.  HOW OUR FIRM IS MAKING AN IMPACT 
Lending and investment capital  
Philanthropic capital 
Policy expertise and advancement,  
led by JPMorgan Chase’s Policy Center 
Data insights and analytics, led by 
the  JPMorgan Chase Institute 
Skills and talents of our employees CASE STUDY SUP
PORTING THE PEOPLE OF UKRAINE 
As the war in Ukraine continues, a growing number of people have been left without access to basic needs  
and millions of refugees and internally displaced individuals have fed their homes in Ukraine. To support  
humanitarian relief eforts in Ukraine, JPMorgan Chase committed up to $10 million in philanthropic capi -
tal in 2022, including more than $1.5 million in employee matching donations, the largest disaster giving  
campaign in the Firm’s history. Our commitment supports a number of organizations working to provide  
emergency food, housing and medical services to those in need, including working with select humanitar -
ian relief organizations such as International Medical Corps, International Rescue Committee, Polska Akcja  
Humanitarna, UNICEF and World Central Kitchen.  
As part of our commitment, we provided $5 million to support the Chamber of Commerce of the Polish Hotel Industry as they worked to provide temporary shelter for over 1,400 refugees in Poland through access to hotel rooms, as well as information and guidance on access to other assistance including medical care, child-care and longer-term housing, in coordination with member hotels, nonprofts and local governments. 
The Firm’s support also reaches beyond our philanthropic eforts. We ofered 50 Ukrainian refugees the  
opportunity to join a work and training program focused on upskilling people displaced by the war to work  
in areas including fnance, human resources and operations in our Warsaw ofce.  
JPMorgan Chase continues to monitor the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine to consider how we can best  
deploy our resources to meet growing and changing needs in the region.  
30 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Building Careers and Skills 
JPMorgan Chase is supporting job-seekers by equipping them with the tools and  
skills they need to grow, advance and be ready for the future of work. We do this by  
supporting and developing certifcation programs, skills training and policy solutions 
that connect job seekers to well-paying and stable jobs at our Firm and in communi -
ties around the world, with a focus on young, minority and non-traditional job seek -
ers. In 2019, we made a $350 million, fve-year philanthropic commitment focused  
on creating economic mobility and career pathways for underserved populations. 
We are also applying insights from our work in the community to our own hiring, DEI  
and employee development programs to create more pathways into and across our  
Firm. This includes identifying certifcations, credentials and other training that will 
prepare employees for changes in technology and business, and allow them to com -
pete for new and in-demand roles in our Firm.  
2022 HIGHLIGHTS 
Mentoring and Work Experience for Young People:  Through The Fellowship Initia-
tive (“TFI”), we engage young men of color in high school in academic and proj -
ect-based learning activities, college and career planning and leadership develop -
ment opportunities, all with the goal of helping them successfully complete high  
school and prepare for college and career success. In 2022, TFI served over 600 Fel -
lows across seven U.S. cities—New York City, Chicago, Los Angeles, Dallas, Houston,  
Oakland, and Washington D.C.—and since its inception in 2010, over 600 JPMorgan  
Chase employees have volunteered and matched to be mentors with TFI Fellows to  
provide coaching, academic support and leadership development. In the U.K., our  
Firm’s Aspiring Professionals Programme, run in collaboration with the Social Mobil -
ity Foundation, supports talented young people from low income backgrounds with  
work experience, mentoring and skills sessions to equip them with skills to succeed  
in their future careers. Since launching in 2010, over 800 young people have been  
supported, 86% of which began full-time employment 15 months after graduation.  HBCU Career Pathways Initiative: Since the initiative began in 2020, we have 
committed nearly $7 million to the creation of high-quality career pathways to prepare 
students at historically Black Colleges and Universities (“HBCUs”) for high-wage, in-
demand careers. The commitment has included over $3 million in philanthropic capital 
provided directly to five HBCUs and over $3.5 million to the United Negro College Fund 
to provide capacity building and long-term strategic planning support to eight HBCUs. 
Our HBCU Career Pathways Initiative is supporting the formation of co-op programs, 
the hiring of success coaches to support students' career navigation, the expansion of 
university-employer relationships, the creation of work-based learning and internship 
opportunities for students, the development of high-quality data science 
programming, and the preparation of students for careers in financial services.  
Support for Community Colleges and Non-Traditional Students: With open admis-
sions policies and lower costs relative to other institutions, community colleges play 
an important role in helping to bridge the wealth gap and create pathways to eco-
nomic mobility by providing economically and demographically diverse communities 
with access to education and career opportunities. In 2019, JPMorgan Chase com-
mitted $125 million in philanthropic capital to strengthen the capacity of community 
colleges across the U.S. Additionally, the Firm continues to emphasize the value of 
skills in addition to educational degrees, with more information on our skills-based 
hiring
 on page 44. 
Career Readiness Programs: In 2020, JPMorgan Chase announced the Global Career 
Readiness Initiative, a $75 million, fve-year global initiative to expand access to 
economic opportunity for young underserved people by supporting pathways and 
policy solutions that better prepare them for the future of work. As part of this ini
-
tiative in the U.S., the Firm is providing $7 million over fve years, beginning in 2020, 
to six U.S. cities—Boston, MA; Columbus, OH; Dallas, TX; Denver, CO; Indianapolis, IN; 
and Nashville, TN, to foster collaboration, infrastructure building, and systems-level 
change between local school districts, higher education institutions, and business 
communiti es. As a result, each city is developing high-quality career pathways in 
industries like healthcare, information technology, engineering, advanced manufac-turin
g, education, and business that are aligned with local labor market trends and  
employer demand. JPMorgan Chase also invests in career readiness initiatives out -
side the U.S. In 2022, JPMorgan Chase launched four new career readiness initiatives  
in India, Brazil, France and Italy. These initiatives aim to support broad systems  
change by scaling innovative solutions and developing high-impact approaches to  
inform policy reforms. In 2022, the Firm also renewed its collaboration with the  
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Directorate for Education  
and Skills to conduct analyses of efective and equitable career readiness policies  
and programs for students, and disseminate them globally with policy makers. JPMorgan Chase is working to create career pathways to prepare students at HBCUs for high-wage, in demand careers. 
Pictured: Dallas, Texas 
31 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES CASE STUDY PROVIDING A SECOND CHANCE 
The U.S. has more job openings than applicants, yet some qualifed candidates face obstacles to  
securing a good job: people with criminal records. Approximately one in three working-age adults  
in the U.S. has a criminal record19, a
nd as a result, face economic barriers including hiring dis -
crimination and lost job opportunities. JPMorgan Chase is giving people with criminal records a  
second chance by supporting their participation in the workforce, communities and local econo -
mies. We have made changes in our own hiring and recruitment practices, along with advancing a  
policy agenda that reduces barriers to employment for people with criminal backgrounds.   
In 2022, the Firm expanded our Second Chance community-based hiring models in Detroit and  
P
hoenix, with plans to continue expanding it to additional cities. These hiring models help reach  
qualifed candidates, many with criminal records, who previously may not have considered the  
Firm as a potential employer. Through the Second Chance Business Coalition, we continue to work  
with more than 45 cross-industry large-scale companies to expand second chance hiring and  
advancement, including developing best practices and tools for employers. In 2022, 10% of new  
JPMorgan Chase hires in the U.S. were people with criminal backgrounds. 
Additionally, together with JPMorgan Chase’s Legal Pro Bono team, community-based legal ser -
vices nonproft organizations and law frm pro bono partners, we hosted expungement clinics in  
Chicago, Columbus, and Wilmington with the aim of helping eligible individuals prepare the docu -
ments needed for the criminal record expungement or sealing process. Very few individuals who  
are eligible to have their records sealed or expunged ever apply because the petition-based sys -
tem is costly, complex and time-consuming.  
The Firm has supported updating industry hiring rules set in Section 19 of the Federal Deposit  
Insurance Act. In 2022, the Fair Hiring in Banking Act was signed into law, creating opportunities  
for more people with records that ft within the Section 19 industry guidelines to join our work -
force, as well as other fnancial frms. The Firm also supports Clean Slate legislation to automate the process of clearing or sealing eligi -
ble criminal records and open access to jobs in places such as Michigan, Delaware, Connecticut,  
Virginia, and most recently Colorado—and continues to support eforts to advance measures in  
New York, Illinois, Texas, Missouri, and Oregon.  
CASE STUDY GLOBAL CAREER READINESS 
COMMITMENT IN FRANCE  
In France, approximately 16% of young people ages 18 to 24  
are not in employment20 ,
 education or training, suggesting  
that they will need alternative pathways to obtain the skills  
and experience necessary to succeed in the labor market.  
Across Île-de-France, there are more than 28,000 early school  
leavers21, w
ith youth from disadvantaged backgrounds dispro -
portionately represented. School closures during the pan -
demic are estimated to have widened the educational attain -
ment gap and increased the risk of dropouts amongst poorer  
students, with unequal access to digital equipment, parental  
support, and/or suitable space to work. JPMorgan Chase is  
supporting the nonproft, Article 1, through p  hilanthropic cap -
ital for a program providing high-quality career guidance ser -
vices and tools for young people pursuing technical and voca -
tional education pathways in the department of Seine-Saint-
Denis and in the region Île-de-France. The program began i  n  
2022 and is a  iming to h  elp 2,500 youths with their progres -
sion into higher education or employment by 2025.  
19  Source: https://www.ncsl.org/civil-and-criminal-justice/criminal-record-clearing-the-terminology 
20  Source: OECD (2022), Education at a Glance 2022: OECD Indicators: - France https://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/sites/e8e7ec93-en/index.html?itemId=/content/component/e8e7ec93-en 
21  Source: Région Île-de-France. (n.d.). Rentrée 2020: la lutte contre le décrochage scolaire continue. [online] Available at: https://www.iledefrance.fr/rentree-2020-la-lutte-contre-le-decrochage-scolaire-continue#:~:text=En%20%C3%8Ele%2Dde%2DFrance%2C [Accessed 22 Feb. 2023]. 
The Firm announced its Racial Equity Commitment in 2022 to help 
close the racial wealth gap and advance economic inclusion. Pictured: Congress Heights in Washington, D.C. 
32 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Fueling Business Growth 
and Entrepreneurship  
JPMorgan Chase is helping to address the discrepancy in access to main -
stream debt or equity capital for underserved entrepreneurs and certain  
businesses, such as minority- and women-owned business; lack of access can  
lead to barriers in establishing, growing and scaling their companies. The  
Firm is working to level the playing feld for these groups through products,  
programs, fnancing and policy recommendations aimed at expanding access  
to capital, networks and tools that are important for entrepreneurial success. 
2022 HIGHLIGHTS 
Support for Small Business:  Our Firm is proud to serve small businesses.  
During 2022, JPMorgan Chase Business Banking provided $4.3 billion in loans  
and lines of credit to small businesses, including $860.4 million to small busi -
nesses in majority Black, Hispanic and Latino communities (which a  re a part  
of our Racial Equity Commitment). For example, we took nationwide action in  
2022 through our Special Purpose Credit Program (“SPCP”), expanding credit  
access for small businesses in historically underserved areas. We also sup -
port minority entrepreneurs through coaching opportunities. Through 2022,  
senior business consultants coached more than 3,000 Black, Hispanic and  
Latino small businesses and hosted educational events, community work -
shops and business training seminars with over 115,000 participants across  
21 U.S. cities. In addition to these eforts, globally, hundreds of JPMorgan  
Chase employees provided direct mentorship to minority and female entre -
preneurs through the Firm’s Founders Forward program in 2022. From busi -
ness plans to revenue strategies, this program ofers support to entrepre -
neurs as they look to grow their businesses and serve their communities. Supplier Diversity:  We support the development and utilization of qualifed diverse  
businesses from historically underrepresented groups, including companies owned and  
operated by ethnic minorities, women, military veterans, people with disabilities and  
members of the LGBTQ+ community. Our supplier diversity mission is comprised of  
three pillars: (1) facilitating the growth and development of diverse businesses in our  
supply chain network; (2) promoting equity and inclusion across our entire portfolio of  
supply chain business partners; and (3) driving economic growth in the communities in  
which we do business. In 2022, our Firm spent approximately $2.1 billion on Tier 1 and  
$800 million on Tier 2 diverse suppliers22, including $1.7 billion with minority-owned  
businesses and $1.1 billion with women-owned businesses. In 2022, JPMorgan Chase’s  
top suppliers increased their own spend with diverse suppliers, generating over $6 bil -
lion in new diverse spending23. We continued to support diverse suppliers in key cities  
across the U.S. in 2022, primarily by hosting targeted events focused on bringing local  
minority business owners together with resources and contacts across the bank and in  
communities in Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles and New York. For more informa -
tion on our eforts to improve diversity standards and processes within our supply  
chain, see page 60. 
Our commitment to CDFIs and MDIs:  CDFIs and MDIs provide vital fnancial services in  
communities that are often underserved. Through small business loans, commercial  
fnancing, mortgages and more, these institutions supply capital to fuel economic  
growth and, in the process, play an essential role in helping individuals in these com -
munities build wealth. In order to do so, however, many CDFIs and MDIs need additional  
capital themselves. Through our Racial Equity Commitment, our Firm is working to  
strengthen minority-owned and diverse-led CDFIs and MDIs by providing access to capi -
tal, connections to institutional investors, policy advocacy, support for diverse-led com -
mercial projects and mentorship and training opportunities. This support includes the  
Firm’s Service Corps program, through which employee teams are matched with CDFIs  
and MDIs to leverage their business acumen to support organizational sustainability  
and increase community impact. B  y the end of 2022, we had invested more than $100  
million of equity in 15 diverse-owned and -led CDFIs and MDIs that serve 96 communi -
ties across 21 states and the District of Columbia. This capital is intended to help these  
institutions hire staf, invest in technology enhancement and expand into new markets. Small business policy agenda:  We are advancing policy reforms that promote access  
to capital and advisory assistance for underserved entrepreneurs. In 2022, the  
JPMorgan Chase  Policy Center expanded on the Firm’s support for small business  
participation in contracting by releasing a brief titled, “ Lifting Barriers to Small Busi -
ness Access to Procurement ”, which outlines our recommendations for policymakers 
to improve existing programs and enhance resources available to small businesses.  
Additionally, we have convened private and public sector stakeholders to discuss how  
barriers in policy can be removed for small businesses who are looking to become  
suppliers to large companies and government. We have also continued our advocacy  
on  SBA  program reforms and CDFI and MDI supports ,  some of which have been  
implemented, such as the extension of the Community Advantage program to 2024. 
National M  inority Supplier Development Council’s Annual Conference & Exchange  , New Orleans, Louisiana. 
22  Tier 1: The amount of spend, or procurement dollars, that the Firm spends directly with third parties that provide goods and services that support its business operations. Tier 2: The amount of spend, or procurement dollars, that the Firm's suppliers spend with their Tier 1 suppliers. 
23  Spend totals for Minority-owned businesses and Women-owned businesses include both Tier 1 and Tier 2 data. They represent the total population of each and are not considered unique totals. 
33 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES CASE STUDY SUPPORTING FEMALE ENTREPRENEURSHIP WORLDWIDE 
As part of JPMorgan Chase’s work to advance a more equitable economy, the Firm is helping to strengthen our local  
communities by addressing structural barriers to economic opportunity. In 2022, through our targeted philanthropic  
commitments to local and regional nonproft organizations and employee engagement, we supported low and mid -
dle-income women, Black and ethnic minority individuals, and migrants globally to start or grow small businesses. 
During December 2022 in Latin America, JPMorgan Chase committed $400,000 in philanthropic capital to Aliança  
Empreendedora and $350,000 in philanthropic capital to Impact Hub São Paulo to help Black female microentre -
preneurs. Aliança Empreendedora leads a national network of hundreds of entrepreneur support organizations,  
and Impact Hub ofers its support to microentrepreneurs in dozens of municipalities across the country. This pilot  
program has the potential to raise awareness and catalyze a change in how Black female microentrepreneurs from  
underserved backgrounds are supported at scale over the long-term. 
CASE STUDY THE SOUTHERN OPPORTUNITY AND RESILIENCE FUND 
Impact Finance and Advisory provided a $10 million loan to the Southern Opportunity and Resilience Fund (SOAR)  
in 2021, which was created to provide fexible, afordable capital and free advisory support to entrepreneurs in his -
torically underserved communities across 15 southern states and Washington D.C. Through the Firm’s support,  
SOAR purchased loans throughout 2021 and 2022 originated by 11 participating CDFIs, allowing those CDFIs to  
maintain and increase their lending activities to small businesses. These CDFIs ofered low interest loans up to  
$105,000 to small businesses and nonproft organizations with less than 50 employees and less than $5 million in  
gross revenue. Through December 30, 2022, SOAR purchased over 1,100 loans at an average loan size of approxi -
mately $55,000. Of these loans, 83% were made to minority- and/or women-owned business and nonprofts and  
more than 55% were made in distressed or at-risk communities.24
24  Based on the Distressed Communities Index or in CDFI Investment Areas. 
JPMorgan Chase grant recipients are working to increase access to afordable, climate resilient housing in areas such as Inland Empire, California. 
34 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Catalyzing Community Development 
Supporting community development is an important way to improve community  
well-being and expand economic opportunity. Housing and homeownership, in par -
ticular, are central pillars of community development because access to a stable,  
afordable home is a leading determinant of income and wealth, health and overall  
quality of life. Yet for many U.S. households, especially Black, Hispanic and Latino  
households, access to afordable housing is increasingly out of reach. Through lend -
ing, equity investments and philanthropic capital; community partnerships; and  
data and policy insights, JPMorgan Chase is helping to build stronger communities,  
with a focus on homeownership and access to afordable housing, which is also a  
core focus of our $30 billion Racial Equity Commitment. 
2022 HIGHLIGHTS 
Homeownership:  To help address the homeownership gap between White house -
holds and Black, Hispanic and Latino households, the Firm is expanding access to  
afordable homeownership through our home lending products and services, as well  
as through innovative homebuyer readiness programs and fnancial education ser -
vices. During 2022, the Firm originated over 11,500 h  ome purchase loans for Black,  
Hispanic and Latino households across the economic spectrum, totaling approxi -
mately $4 billion. For more information on how the Firm is expanding access to  
afordable homeownership through our Community and Afordable Lending eforts,  
please see our Racial Equity Commitment section.  
Afordable rental housing : The Firm works to advance afordable housing solutions,  
bringing our industry expertise, a comprehensive set of fnancial tools and a strat -
egy of combining our business and philanthropic eforts to create greater impact. As  
part of our Racial Equity Commitment, we pledged to fnance the creation and pres -
ervation of 100,000 afordable rental units over fve years through $14 billion in  
new loans, equity investments and other eforts. In 2022, through the Afordable  
Housing Preservation Program, the Firm approved funding for $8.4 billion in loans  
to incentivize the preservation of approximately 78,000 afordable housing and  
rental housing units across the U.S. Philanthropic and fexible capital for innovative housing solutions:  A s part of the  
Racial Equity Commitment, the Firm made a f  ve-year, $400 million commitment to  
improve household stability and housing afordability for Black, Hispanic and Latino  
households. We have committed over $200 million through the end of 2022 through  
grants, loans and equity investments. This includes support for organizations  
focused on, among other things, eviction diversion models and foreclosure preven -
tion support to stabilize renters and homeowners, preservation strategies to sup -
port small landlords, innovations in new construction to lower costs and increase  
supply, and specialized mortgage products and alternative ownership models to  
increase homeownership. For example, in 2022, we announced a $15 million com -
mitment to fve nonproft organizations working to test and scale innovative models  
to increase the supply of climate-resilient, energy-efcient afordable homes. 
Housing reforms policy agenda:  T he Firm’s housing market afordability policy  
agenda seeks to support regulatory and policy changes aimed at addressing sys -
temic bias in housing and encourage more efective models for boosting access to  
and supply of afordable homes. JPMorgan Chase continues to engage with industry  
partners and regulators to fnd ways to address gaps in the residential appraisal  
process—including, among other things, lack of appraisal industry diversity and lack  
of understanding around the rights to and process for reconsideration of value—that  
have led to appraisal bias and equity issues in the valuation process. In 2022, our  
Firm committed $3 million to the Appraiser Diversity Initiative, a collaboration  
between the Appraisal Institute, National Urban League, Fannie Mae and Freddie  
Mac aimed at attracting diverse entrants into the residential appraisal feld. To date,  
the Firm’s commitment has resulted in more than 360 scholarships to diverse appli -
cants. In 2022, we also continued our eforts to help protect economically vulnera -
ble families from losing their homes in heirs' property partition sales and tax lien  
sales through our support and advancement of the Uniform Partition of Heirs Prop -
erty Act (“UPHPA”). UPHPA laws reform state property laws to provide fractional or  
heirs property owners with basic due process protections. We supported advance -
ment of Heirs Property legislation in California, Utah, Washington, Philadelphia, and  
in the District of Columbia.   CASE STUDY SAN FRANCISCO HOUSING ACCELERATOR FUND 
Finding safe, afordable, and stable housing is one of the largest challenges fac -
ing families living in high-cost metropolitan areas like California’s Bay Area.  
JPMorgan Chase has taken a broad approach to support housing solutions that  
ft the Bay Area’s unique needs, with a focus on production, preservation, protec -
tion, and innovation throughout the region. One notable efort was a $12 million  
low-cost loan, with an initial $6 million committed in 2019 and an additional $6  
million committed in 2022, provided by the Firm’s Impact Finance and Advisory  
team to The San Francisco Housing Accelerator Fund (“HAF”). HAF is a nonproft  
CDFI established in 2017 to address key fnancing gaps and mitigate the housing  
afordability crisis in San Francisco and the wider Bay Area. HAF provides prede -
velopment, acquisition, and rehabilitation loans for small and large sites, includ -
ing single-room occupancy, residential hotel properties, and vacant or underuti -
lized land to be developed into afordable housing. As a lender to communi -
ty-based developers serving LMI populations, HAF has originated more than  
$350 million in fnancing across 38 projects, resulting in nearly 1,700 residential  
units and 30 commercial spaces being preserved or created, as of June 30, 2022. 
CASE STUDY MIAMI AFFORDABILITY PROJECT 
JPMorgan Chase is supporting the University of Miami’s Ofce of Civic and Com -
munity Engagement to tackle two major challenges facing Miami-Dade County— 
the lack of afordable housing and efects of climate change. The Firm has pro -
vided a grant to develop and expand the Miami Afordability Project (“MAP”) tool,  
which is designed to investigate how climate consequences such as sea level rise,  
fooding and extreme heat are contributing to the displacement of residents in  
historically under-resourced neighborhoods. The MAP tool enables users to visu -
alize how increased fooding, rising seas and more powerful storm surges pro -
jected for the future would impact afordable housing across Miami-Dade—which  
already has one of the nation’s highest percentage of renters spending more than  
half of their income on housing. By providing access to this type of information,  
neighborhoods throughout the county such as Opa Locka, Little River and Sweet -
water will have more detailed information on projected climate conditions and  
resilience to climate impacts to support their afordable housing advocacy work.  
35 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Strengthening Financial Health 
and Wealth Creation  
Improving economic opportunity starts by helping people achieve their fnancial  
goals, cultivate fnancial resilience and ultimately build wealth. Access to relevant, 
useful and afordable fnancial services is a critical foundation for achieving this.  
However, diverse and LMI individuals are less likely to have access to fnancial ser -
vices, the fnancial resilience to manage unexpected shocks and the fnancial  
resources to meet long-term goals. We are leveraging our reach and expertise to  
expand access to banking, develop products that meet the needs of LMI consumers,  
deploy grants to support fnancial health, and provide fnancial coaching to support  
fnancial resiliency. 
2022 HIGHLIGHTS 
Access to Banking Services:  As part of our Racial Equity Commitment (see page 25),  
we pledged to help one million consumers open low-cost checking or savings  
accounts over fve years through expanded awareness of our Chase Secure Bank -
ingSM product. Chase Secure BankingSM accounts have no overdraft fees and provide  
users with the benefts of being a Chase customer, like access to thousands of fee-free ATMs, free money orders and cashier’s checks, Chase’s mobile app and support  
from bankers in person or by phone. In 2022, we helped customers open more than  
170,000 net new low-cost checking accounts with no overdraft fees and enhanced  
the Chase Secure Banking
SM product by introducing Early Direct Deposit to expedite  
customer access to cash by up to two days. Since its launch in 2019, we have made  
Chase Secure BankingSM available to 1.5 million accounts to help people access main -
stream banking. Our Chase bank branches are also a key part of our strategy to  
expand access to banking services. As of December 2022, we had opened an addi -
tional 29 new branches in LMI communities, many within Black, Hispanic and Latino  
communities. Since 2019, we have opened a total 15 of Community Center Branches,  including three additional branches in 2022. Community Center Branches ofer addi -
tional free resources, such as skills training, small business pop-ups, and fnancial  
health seminars for communities that have lacked access to traditional banking.  
Additionally, we have hired a total of 146 Community Managers. We are also increas -
ing marketing and outreach to customers who are currently underserved.  
Tools to help our customers achieve their fnancial goals: Our Firm provides  
afordable and scalable products and services that help our customers strengthen  
their fnancial health and meet long-term goals such as retirement savings, educa -
tion, homeownership and growing a small business. We are also helping to fll gaps  
and improve the user experience for LMI customers striving to improve their fnan -
cial health. In 2022, the Firm’s Impact Finance and Advisory team invested in Propel,  
a technology platform for low-income Americans that enables users to view their  
government benefts, access discounts for everyday items and utilize a debit card.  
Propel currently serves more than 5 million users a month by helping them check  
their S  upplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (“SNAP”) b  alances in real time.  
Policy solutions:  JPMorgan Chase is working to advance policy that expands access  
to banking, improves cash fow management, develops and strengthens access to  
credit, and builds savings and wealth. We support policies that protect consumers  
while enabling the fexibility to design innovative credit and liquidity solutions.  
JPMorgan Chase participates in the Roundtable for Economic Access and Change  
(Project REACh), which brings together leaders from the banking industry, national  
civil rights organizations, business and technology to reduce specifc barriers to  
fnancial inclusion. We are working across sectors to explore alternative credit  
assessment methods that responsibly expand access to mainstream credit for  
underserved borrowers. We also support policy that will enable structural changes  
to public assistance programs that promote economic stability for LMI consumers  
and put people on a path to fnancial resilience and wealth-building. Across all these  
areas, we are sharing our Firm’s insights, data and experience about the unique  
challenges and solutions that meet the needs of LMI communities. CASE STUDY REAFFIRMING OUR COMMITMENT TO HBCUS 
JPMorgan Chase is committed to help close the racial wealth gap and drive eco -
nomic inclusion by supporting the educational and career outcomes of young  
Black and other people of color from high school, through college, and into  
promising career pathways. Colleges and universities are preparing their stu -
dents for an ever-evolving labor market, including elevating the importance of  
connecting credentials and work experiences to in-demand jobs of the future.  
HBCUs play a vital role in creating pathways to opportunity in the U.S. and pre -
paring their students for those opportunities. Recognizing the importance of  
deepening our relationship with these institutions, JPMorgan Chase reafrmed  
its support of HBCUs in 2022 through an expanded fve-year, $30 million com -
mitment. This commitment takes a strategic approach to help meet the individ -
ual needs of HBCUs and students. This commitment complements the work of  
the Firm’s Advancing Black Pathways Center of Excellence, an initiative to chart  
clearer pathways toward economic success and empowerment within the Black  
community (see page 41 for more details). As part of the commitment in 2022,  
the Firm is continuing its commitment of $1 million annually for fve years to the  
Student Financial Hardship Fund to help students buy books, pay a security  
deposit or medical bill, address short-term food insecurity or meet other needs.   
CASE STUDY INDIA FINANCIAL INCLUSION LAB 
Along with the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foun -
dation, the MetLife Foundation and Omidyar Network, the Firm is providing  
philanthropic capital to the Financial Inclusion Lab in India, an initiative aimed  
at improving the fnancial health of India’s underserved LMI population, by  
bringing early-stage inclusive fntech startups to scale. Despite making signif -
cant progress in fnancial inclusion, India’s population continues to face barriers  
in accessing and using fnancial services. Since launching in 2018, the Financial  
Inclusion Lab’s eforts have included providing expertise to develop prototypes,  
mentoring, business development assistance and other support to startups. As  
of December 31, 2022, the Lab has reported supporting 50 early-stage startups.  
Cumulatively, according to the Financial Inclusion Lab’s self-reporting, these  
startups have served over 30 million individuals and raised over $80 million in  
funding following their participation in the Lab. 
36 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Promoting Environmental Sustainability 
Advancing sustainability is not only about helping the environment, it is also about improving the communities we  
serve. Persistent changes in global climate patterns and associated extreme weather events present risks to customers,  
communities and clients. Risks like these threaten personal safety and can cause costly damage to properties, house -
holds, and businesses. We believe in the power of communities, governments and business to implement the low-car -
bon energy transition as an important part of inclusive economic growth. JPMorgan Chase is pursuing projects that  
include helping individuals and communities build climate resilience in housing and urban spaces, fostering an inclusive  
approach to climate and energy innovation and small businesses, and equipping diverse populations to acquire the  
training and skills needed to access and thrive in future job opportunities. Our commitment to racial equity and inclu -
sive growth are important themes in each of the highlighted areas below.  
2022 HIGHLIGHTS 
Building community resilience to the efects of climate change: Strategic philanthropy is an important way we sup -
port organizations and communities that are advancing climate resilience across the globe. The Firm supports entities  
like the Atlantic Council’s Adrienne Arsht-Rockefeller Foundation Resilience Center and their launch of the Cool Capital  
Stack, an initiative to mobilize capital for projects that protect people from climate-driven extreme heat, particularly  
the most vulnerable communities, in 12 cities around the world. Additionally, our support for the American Council for  
an Energy Efcient Economy is designed to enable the organization to provide technical assistance to governments and  
NGOs for advancing energy efciency investments in afordable housing. And at the neighborhood level, we support  
community-based organizations like Northeast Houston Redevelopment Council in building green infrastructure, like  
community gardens and rainwater catchment systems, and ofering disaster preparedness education.  
Supporting innovation at the intersection of sustainable and afordable housing: In October 2022, JPMorgan Chase  
announced a commitment of $15 million in philanthropic capital to fve organizations, as part of our $400 million fve-
year commitment to improve housing afordability and stability for households of color. The grants are focused on help -
ing to scale innovative climate resilient afordable housing models within communities in Rio Grande Valley, TX; Bufalo,  
NY; Washington D.C.; Miami-Dade County, FL; and Inland Empire, CA. CASE STUDY BUILDING SKILLS FOR UNDERSERVED PEOPLE IN MADRID TO ACCESS GREEN JOBS  
The energy transition can create new jobs for communities, but work is needed to connect job seekers with opportunities  
and to ensure that individuals have the skills needed to succeed in them. In Madrid, one of our grantees, Fundación Konecta,  
works with young people from underserved backgrounds to prepare them for these emerging job opportunities. Fundación  
Konecta trains young people to excel in career pathways in renewable energy, infrastructure, waste management, construc -
tion, and water management, and provides job placement support to connect them with concrete opportunities. They are  
planning to train 200 participants during the 2-year program, launched in 2022, to fnd employment in the green economy.  
CASE STUDY TRAINING THE NEXT GENERATION OF PRAGMATIC ENERGY LEADERS  
Market forces, technological advances, and policy changes are bringing about a transformation of the energy landscape.  
Energy sector leaders have identifed the need to learn new skills and integrate new solutions into the existing energy sys -
tem to confront these challenges and chart a course to a low-carbon future. JPMorgan Chase supported Energy Leadership  
Institute’s EnGen executive leadership development program, which is designed to educate and engage mid- to senior-level  
leaders from all sectors of the energy industry to drive innovation and technological advancements toward net-zero 2050  
goals. The 2023 cohort includes participants from varied backgrounds including oil and gas, renewable energy, academia,  
fnance, utility and the nonproft sector. 
The Firm supports nonprofts working to test and scale innovative models to increase the supply of energy efcient homes. Pictured: Rancho Cucamonga, California 
37 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
At JPMorgan Chase, we believe that if our teams are more diverse, we will generate better ideas and out -
comes, enjoy a stronger corporate culture and outperform our competitors. That starts, frst and foremost,  
with building and fostering an inclusive work environment where our employees are respected, trusted and  
encouraged to bring their whole selves to work. It also means actively working to incorporate DEI consider -
ations into how we hire, develop and support our employees; design and deliver our products and services;  
leverage our purchasing power; invest in our communities; engage on public policy issues; and more. 
We have made progress over the past few years in creating a more diverse and inclusive business, and  
continue to increase our representation among gender and race. We have also taken a number of steps to  
build the infrastructure for our Firm to deliver on our commitment to DEI. This includes developing and  
implementing a global DEI strategic framework with clear objectives, metrics, controls and accountabili-
ties. We have strengthened our DEI function and formalized the ways in which it works to advance prog -
ress within our lines of business and serve customers, clients and communities. We are managing and exe -
cuting on our priorities because we know that DEI is an important part of our Firm’s ability to be success -
ful in the long term. 
We know there is more work to do, and we are committed to both continuing that work and to being trans -
parent with our stakeholders about our progress.  
Driving Progress Within Our Own Workforce 
We recognize that our commitment to advance a diverse, equitable and inclusive world starts with how we  
put that vision into practice inside our own company. We continue to incorporate diversity into hiring,  
training, developing and retaining our employees, and we remain focused on fostering an inclusive culture  
that respects and champions diverse perspectives.  
JPMorgan Chase DEI executives participate at the Firm's 2022 Leadership Day, New York, New York. 
38 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 39 
2022 Workforce Composition 
In connection with its diversity initiatives, the Firm periodically requests that its employees and Board members self-identify based on specifed diversity categories. The following table presents  
information on self-identifcations as of December 31, 2022. Information on race/ethnicity of employees is categorized based on Equal Employment Opportunity (“EEO”) classifcations and is pre -
sented for U.S. employees who self-identifed, and information on gender is presented for global employees who self-identifed. Information on race/ethnicity and gender for members of the Oper -
ating Committee and the Board of Directors refects all such members. Information on LGBTQ+ and veteran statuses is based on U.S. employees, and all members of the Operating Committee and  
the Board of Directors. Information on disability status is based on all U.S. employees and all members of the Operating Committee. 
GLOBAL GENDER DATA29 
TOTAL 
EMPLOYEES Men 
51% 
Women 
49% BOARD OF DIRECTORS26 
Women 36% 
Men 64% 
OPERATING COMMITTEE 
Women 39% 
Men 61% 
SENIOR LEVEL EMPLOYEES25 
Women 27% 
Men 73% 
CAMPUS & INTERNSHIP CLASS41 
Women 47% 
Men 53% U.S. RACE/ETHNICITY DATA27 
TOTAL 
EMPLOYEES White 
44% 
Hispanic 
21% Asian 
18% Black 
14% Other28 
3% BOARD OF DIRECTORS26 
White 91% 
Hispanic 0% 
Asian 0% 
Black 9% 
Other28 0% 
OPERATING COMMITTEE 
White 83% 
Hispanic 11% 
Asian 6% 
Black 0% 
Other28 0% 
SENIOR LEVEL EMPLOYEES25 
White 75% 
Hispanic 6% 
Asian 12% 
Black 5% 
Other28 2% CAMPUS & INTERNSHIP CLASS39 
White 35% 
Ethnic40 65% PROMOTIONAL DATA 
GLOBAL 
PROMOTIONS37,38 
39% 
Women 61% 
Men 
U.S. 
PROMOTIONS34,35 
47% 
Ethnic36 53% 
White 
ADDITIONAL DATA 
LGBTQ+30 
Military
veterans31 
People withdisabilities32 
TOTAL EMPLOYEES 4% 3% 4% 
SENIOR LEVEL EMPLOYEES
25 3% 2% 3% 
OPERATING COMMITTEE 6% 0% 0% 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
26 0% 9% 0%33 25  Senior level employees represents employees with the titles of Managing Director and above. 
26  Excludes Alicia Boler Davis, who was elected to the Firm’s Board of Directors, efective March 20, 2023. 
27  Based on EEO metrics. Presented as a percentage of the respective populations who self-identifed race/ethnicity, which was 96% and 95% of the Firm’s total U.S.-based employees and U.S.-based senior level employees, respectively, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors. Information for the Operating Committee include one member who is based outside of the U.S. 
28  Other includes American Indian or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacifc Islander, and two or more races/ethnicities. 
29  Presented as a percentage of the respective populations who self-identifed gender, which was 98% of the Firm’s total global employees and 99% of the Firm’s global senior level employees, and all members of the Operating Committee and the Board of Directors. 
30  Presented as a percentage of total U.S.-based employees, total U.S.-based senior level employees, all members of the Operating Committee, and all members of the Board of Directors, respectively. 
31  Presented as a percentage of total U.S.-based employees, total U.S.-based senior level employees, all members of the Operating Committee, and all members of the Board of Directors, respectively. 32  Presented as a percentage of total U.S.-based employees, total U.S.-based senior level employees, all members of the Operating Committee, and all members of the Board of Directors, respectively. 
33  The Firm did not request members of the Board of Directors to self-identify disability status. 
34  Based on EEO metrics. Presented as a percentage of the respective U.S.-based populations who self-identifed race/ethnicity 
35  Represents employees with the titles of Vice President and above. 
36  Ethnic is defned as all EEO classifcations other than White. 
37  Presented as a percentage of the respective global populations who self-identifed gender. 
38  Represents employees with the titles of Vice President and above. 
39  Based on EEO metrics. Presented as a percentage of the respective U.S.-based populations who self-identifed race/ethnicity. 
40  Ethnic is defned as all EEO classifcations other than White. 
41  Presented as a percentage of the respective global populations who self-identifed gender. INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
Featu
re: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Culture of Respect, Equity and Inclusion 
Across the Firm, we continually work to create and reinforce a culture of  
respect, equity and inclusion, in which our employees are empowered to be  
their true selves. We do so by creating forums for employee engagement, initia -
tives to advance inclusion and elevate diverse perspectives, and education and  
training programs designed to identify ways that all of our employees can con -
tribute to an inclusive culture. 
Our Business Resource Groups ("BRGs") are an important part of how we do  
this. These BRGs are inclusive groups that enable employees to share ideas,  
grow professionally and connect to colleagues who have similar interests. Rec -
ognizing the intersectionality of the diferent groups represented by our BRGs,  
we are taking steps to promote and facilitate cross-BRG collaboration. See page  
47 for the list of JPMorgan Chase BRGs. Our Asian, Black, Hispanic and LGBTQ+ Executive Forums, which bring together  
the senior leaders of these communities to act as ambassadors and thought  
leaders for Firmwide initiatives, are another way we support and foster DEI  
within our Firm.  
Our Equal Opportunity, Anti-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Statement 
sets forth our policies and expectations for our employees. All employees  
(including both full-time and part-time employees) are required to complete  
anti-harassment awareness training. In addition, in 2022, our employees were  
required to complete Firmwide diversity and inclusion training programs,  
including You Belong Here, Culture of Respect/Culture & Conduct, and Journey  
to Inclusive Teams for managers. Accountability Framework 
Executing on our DEI commitments requires promoting accountability across  
the Firm. Our Accountability Framework, which we continue to enhance over  
time since its launch in 2020, is used to evaluate senior leaders, including Oper -
ating Committee members, on behaviors, practices and progress toward goals  
related to the Firm’s DEI priorities, and to incorporate that into year-end perfor -
mance and compensation assessments.  
DEI Centers of Excellence  
Our Firm has established DEI Centers of Excellence to take a unifed and inter -
sectional approach to delivering impact for employees, clients, customers and  
the communities we serve. The Centers of Excellence play an important role in  
supporting the Firm’s commitments to advance racial equity and create lasting  
impact both internally and externally, leading our global strategies related to  
target populations and contributing to progress toward our Racial Equity Com -
mitment. The Centers of Excellence also complement the role of the BRGs to  
strengthen our internal culture of respect, equity and inclusion and raise the  
visibility of the communities they represent. 
In addition, the Centers of Excellence amplify the work of the lines of business  
to d
eliver inclusive products, services and advice for clients and customers.  
They also work with a wide array of local and national organizations in the com -
munities we serve, leveraging the Firm’s business expertise and philanthropic 
resources to help advance racial equity and economic empowerment.  CASE STUDY INCREASING LGBTQ+ SELF-ID  
The Firm experienced an increase in the number of employees self-identifying  
as LGBTQ+ by 35% year-over-year in 2022, following 50% year-over-year growth  
in 2021. Self-ID data, including sexual orientation and gender identity, allows  
the Firm to identify opportunities to develop targeted initiatives to improve the  
workplace for all employees, including those from the LGBTQ+ community. The  
Firm’s LGBTQ+ Executive Forum, a consortium of senior leaders who self-iden -
tify as LGBTQ+ and serve as advocates for the LGBTQ+ community, now includes  
over 450 Managing Directors and Executive Directors. 
DEI and employee development programs help create career pathways into and across the Firm. Pictured: Chicago, Illinois 
40 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES OUR SEVEN CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE ARE: 
Advancing Black Pathways (“ABP”):  focuses on strengthening the economic foundation of Black communities around 
the world. It seeks to address historical barriers to economic growth in Black communities through investments and  
programs focused on advancing career opportunities for Black talent, expanding and supporting Black-owned busi -
nesses, and improving fnancial health in Black communities. 
Advancing Hispanics & Latinos (“AHL”): works on promoting the growth and success of Hispanic and Latino communi -
ties. Their eforts are focused on career opportunities, business growth and entrepreneurship, fnancial health and  
community development. Military & Veterans Afairs: honors those who have served and supports their long-term personal success and fnancial  
confdence. Their eforts are focused on attracting, retaining and developing diverse veteran talent; supporting veter -
an-owned businesses and entrepreneurs; increasing the fnancial health of veterans and military families; and support -
ing top veteran service organizations. Ofce of Asian & Pacifc Islander Afairs: leads the execution of global programs and initiatives for the Asian and  
Pacifc Islander (“API”) community, driving opportunity and progress for employees, customers and clients through  
investment, cultural understanding and collaboration. Ofce of Disability Inclusion (“ODI”): leads strategy and initiatives aimed at advancing careers while helping the Firm  
aspire to be a bank of choice for people with disabilities. ODI’s focus areas include driving workplace inclusion, fnancial  
health, community relationships, and business growth for small businesses and entrepreneurs with disabilities. Ofce of LGBTQ+ Afairs: focuses on advancing careers and a culture of inclusion, supporting LGBTQ+ owned busi -
nesses, providing fnancial health awareness and education, and driving progress on equity and inclusion for the  
LGBTQ+ community globally. Women on the Move (“WOTM”): provides women inside and outside of the Firm with opportunities to succeed in their  
professional and personal lives. Their eforts are focused  on expanding women-run businesses, improving women's  
fnancial health, empowering women's career growth, and supporting women and girls in our communities. 
Ofce of Asian & Pacifc Islander Afairs comes together for the D  iwali Celebration, Plano, Texas  . 
The Firm honors the Military and Veterans community through nonproft collaborations and events. 
Pictured: Chase Fieldhouse, Wilmington, Delaware 
The New York City Pride Parade brings together members of the Firm’s Ofce of LGBTQ+ Afairs. 
41 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES WOMEN ON THE MOVE - IN ACTION CASE STUDY  
In 2021, the Firm and Techstars launched the inaugural cohort of the Founder Catalyst program in the U.S., which  
provides pre-accelerator startup education and mentorship to early stage founders. With women founders receiv -
ing less than 2%42 of a
vailable venture capital in the U.S., the Founder Catalyst program aims to address this gap  
by providing the tools, resources and connections needed to support women entrepreneurs in taking their busi -
nesses to the next level. The Firm has now sponsored over 80 women founders across four U.S. cities—Atlanta in  
2021, and Washington D.C., Miami and Oakland in 2022—and looks forward to continuing the momentum of the pro -
gram and founders’ success into 2023. As of year-end 2022, 11 founder Catalyst alumni from our programs have  
been accepted into Techstars accelerator. 
ADVANCING BLACK WEALTH TOUR CASE STUDY 
In 2022, the Firm launched the Advancing Black Wealth Tour with events spanning three cities designed to provide  
fnancial health education, wealth building seminars, and other vital fnancial insights to Black communities. Spear -
headed by Advancing Black Pathways, the tour featured Black business leaders and entrepreneurs who engaged  
more than 500 attendees collectively in Los Angeles, New Orleans, and Philadelphia, through interactive work -
shops on fnancial wellness, the real estate market, homeownership, entrepreneurship and wealth generation. 
STONEWALL NATIONAL MONUMENT VISITOR CENTER SPONSORSHIP CASE STUDY  
JPMorgan Chase is a founding supporter of the Stonewall National Monument Visitor Center in New York City. The  
Stonewall National Monument, where the Visitor Center will reside, aims to celebrate and advance the legacy of the  
Stonewall uprising of 1969 that helped to spark the LGBTQ+ rights movement. This site was designated as the frst-
ever monument dedicated to LGBTQ+ equality by the National Park Service. When the Visitor Center opens in 2024,  
it will feature exhibitions and programs dedicated to the history of LGBTQ+ equality. JPMorgan Chase serves as an  
ongoing advisor on programming and exhibitions to be featured.  
JPMorgan Chase strives to support the Military Veterans community by helping to provide access to employment. Pictured: Washington, D.C. 
SUPPORTING VETERANS CASE STUDY  
In 2011, along with 10 other companies, JPMorgan Chase co-founded the Veteran Jobs Mission (“VJM”), a  
coalition committed to hiring 100,000 veterans by 2020. Since its founding, more than 300 member com -
panies representing various industries across the U.S have reported over 880,000 veteran hires. In 2022,  
the VJM increased its goal and is working toward two million veteran hires and 200,000 military spouse  
hires over the next decade. JPMorgan Chase alone has hired more than 18,000 veterans since 2011 and  
currently employs approximately 3,000 military spouses. 
Also, as part of our commitment to the personal and professional development of service members, the  
Firm is dedicated to providing job placement opportunities through its Military Pathways Rotational Pro -
grams. There are three programs operating under the Pathways umbrella: the Military Pathways Rotational  
Program, The Military Pathways Direct Hire Program, and the Pathways DOD SkillBridge Corporate Fellow -
ship Program. All three programs provide personal and professional development trainings, a formal men -
torship program, programmatic support to participating managers and program members, and robust net -
working opportunities. In 2022, the Direct Hire Program welcomed and developed over 330 recently transi -
tioned veterans and military spouses, and 82% of the frst SkillBridge cohort have accepted full-time roles. 
42 
42  Percentage refers to companies with all female-founders, as shown on page 31 of the Q4 PitchBook-NVCA Venture Monitor Report. INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Human Capital 
At JPMorgan Chase, our people are a key driver of our success in serving customers, clients and communities. It is  
through their ingenuity, excellence and integrity that we are able to build a prosperous business. As we navigate the  
ongoing challenges of a post-COVID 19 pandemic world and compete for the best talent in the marketplace, we are  
committed to fostering a work environment in which our people are supported, feel like they belong, and are able to  
make an impact through their work. Our work environment is an important component of our human capital strategy.  
It focuses on investing in experiences across the employee life-cycle by attracting and retaining skilled talent,  
employee engagement, and supporting employees and their families in various life stages through our competitive  
total rewards portfolio. 
Attracting and Retaining Skilled, Diverse Talent 
We strive to attract and recruit the best talent for all roles across the Firm in order to best serve our clients and cus -
tomers. Our goal is to maintain a diverse and inclusive workforce representing all aspects of diversity, including gen -
der, ethnicity, military service, LGBTQ+ status and disabilities, refective of the communities in which we operate. We  
are focused on expanding talent pools through numerous programs and partnerships. When hiring new employees, we  
expect managers to consider a slate of candidates who bring a wide range of perspectives, experiences, and skill sets. 
EARLY CAREER TALENT 
We believe in supporting students and early career talent as they embark on their professional careers and grow into  
future leaders. We support the development of new talent through our formal Analyst and Associate hiring programs,  
as well as through our Emerging Talent Programs, which aim to attract a wider range of talent either pre-college or  
without a university degree. By attracting a wider range of talent through these programs, we are able to introduce  
talent to the fnancial sector who may not typically have the opportunity to experience our industry, explore the possi -
bility of a long-term career at the Firm, and support their development of life and professional skills for success in the  
workplace. By engaging with a broader and more diverse talent pool, we are able to extend opportunities beyond the  
traditional places where we historically looked for talent and seek to have a workforce that is more representative of  
the communities in which we serve. 2022 EARLY CAREER RECRUITMENT PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS43 
Approximately 4,600 
global summer interns, of which 
approximately 72% received and  
accepted returning ofers Approximately 5,000 
global full-time hires joined our Analyst  
and Associate hiring programs 48% 
of 2022 global summer intern  
class identifed as women 
Approximately 1,200 
hires through all Emerging Talent 
programs Approximately 200 
hires through the Emerging Talent  
Apprenticeship programs Approximately 350 
Emerging Talent Software  
Engineer Program hires recruited  
from  educational  pipelines  outside 
of a traditional degree path 
43  Information on EEO race/ethnicity categories, gender, LGBTQ+, veteran status and disability status is based on self-identifcation and self-disclosure. Unless otherwise indicated, information on EEO race/ethnicity is presented as a percentage of the respective U.S.-based population who self-identifed race/ethnicity and information on 
gender is presented as a percentage of the respective global population who self-identifed gender; information on LGBTQ+, veteran status and disability status is presented as a percentage of the respective total U.S.-based population. 
JPMorgan Chase strives to attract and retain skilled and diverse talent, with over 290,000 employees around the world. Pictured: Jersey City, New Jersey 
43 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 44 
YEAR UP PROGRAM CASE STUDY 
Year Up is a nonproft workforce development organization that is dedicated to closing the opportunity divide by  
connecting young adults ages 18–29 with employer partners in need of career-ready talent. The Firm has worked  
with Year Up since 2007. Since then, we have hosted over 2,000 interns, approximately 340 in 2022 alone, in 17 dif -
ferent cities throughout the United States. The Firm’s work with Year Up has evolved to primarily focus on building  
a diverse entry-level talent pipeline to support business and industry needs. The interns receive six months of  
training at Year Up to gain professional skills and then have a six month internship at JPMorgan Chase. On average  
the Firm is hiring over 65% of Year Up interns into permanent roles at the end of the internship. 
EMERGING TALENT SOFTWARE ENGINEERS PROGRAM CASE STUDY 
The Emerging Talent Software Engineers program welcomed approximately 350 entry-level software engineers in  
the US in 2022 that obtained their core technology skills from various educational pathways. This is a skills-frst  
model where talent is assessed on the same core technology and interpersonal skills that we look for in all entry-
level software engineers. Once welcomed to the frm, they are provided an orientation, multi-week technology  
training and an ongoing two year program support structure with mentorship, networking and ongoing education  
opportunities, as well as career advancement once the program concludes. 
REENTRY PROGRAM CASE STUDY 
At JPMorgan Chase, we recognize that rewarding careers do not always follow a conventional path. We value the diver -
sity, fresh perspective and wealth of experience that returning professionals can bring. The ReEntry Program ofers  
experienced professionals, who are currently on an extended career break of at least two years, the support and  
resources needed to relaunch their careers. This 15-week paid fellowship program consists of professional skills work -
shops and on-the-job training, coupled with coaching and developmental experiences to help fellows prepare for a long-term career. Our goal is to place high performing participants who successfully complete the program into full-time  
positions within the frm. In 2022, there were over 100 participants, with 85% receiving an ofer for full-time employ -
ment. Since 2013, there have been more than 400 hires in our ReEntry Program across 30 cities in eight countries. DETROIT VIRTUAL CALL CENTER CASE STUDY  
Building on the work of our Racial Equity Commitment and goal to provide high-quality careers in the communities we oper -
ate, we worked with Detroit at Work to stand up a virtual call center in Detroit, Michigan. This virtual work approach has  
allowed us to access a new pool of talent. In addition to creating local jobs and longer-term career opportunities, we incor -
porated additional training methods focused on fnancial services education and microlearning opportunities. This efort has  
led to approximately 75 hires in 2022, and we are planning to develop a second site in 2023.  
EXPERIENCED TALENT  
We continue to fnd new ways of building more inclusive talent pipelines through diferent channels and industries with an  
emphasis on the diversity of skills. We also strive to provide those from disadvantaged socioeconomic backgrounds or have been  
dislocated due to world events access to opportunities. 
2022 EXPERIENCED TALENT HIRING HIGHLIGHTS44 
Approximately 75% 
of jobs posted for experienced hires did not require a bachelor’s  
degree, focusing on skills over educational degrees Approximately 10% 
of our new hires in the U.S. have criminal records 
Approximately 30% 
of external hires for technology-focused positions were women More than 1,500 
U.S. military hires in 2022, as part of an overall 18,000 military  
hires since 2011 
44  Information on EEO race/ethnicity categories, gender, LGBTQ+, veteran status and disability status is based on self-identifcation and self-disclosure. Unless otherwise indicated, information on EEO race/ethnicity is presented as a percentage of the respective U.S.-based population who self-identifed race/ethnicity and information on gender is 
presented as a percentage of the respective global population who self-identifed gender; information on LGBTQ+, veteran status and disability status is presented as a percentage of the respective total U.S.-based population. 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Investing in Employee Development 
Helping our employees advance their skills and professional development is important to our human capital strategy.  
We invest in our employees’ development through a robust suite of training, leadership development, upskilling and  
reskilling programs, mentorship initiatives, and performance evaluations. 
TRAINING 
We seek to train our employees with the skills needed for today and tomorrow. We prepared our new hire employees for 
their roles with approximately 34 hours of learning on average over their frst 90 days, and tenured employees take an average of approximately 10 hours of voluntary training annually. Employees consumed training in a variety of ways. Over 60% of training was self-paced, and almost 35% was via virtual classroom. The remainder was facilitated in a traditional classroom setting. Overall, in 2022, employees completed over 9.7 million courses and over 7.9 million hours of training. 
Employees Firmwide are required to complete training on topics such as culture and conduct, anti-money laundering,  
privacy and data protection, cybersecurity and anti-corruption. They also have an opportunity to enhance their skills  
through training across a range of professional, business, digital and technology topics.  
UPSKILLING AND RESKILLING 
Upskilling and reskilling our existing employees—who already know our culture and are committed to our company—is an  
efective and efcient way to have the talent we need to thrive now and into the future. Just as importantly, it is one of  
the best ways we can advance our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. For example, many of our Firm’s front-
line and entry-level employees, who largely identify as women and diverse, are most likely to be afected by technologi -
cal disruption. By taking proactive steps to create meaningful and accessible opportunities for career mobility, we can  
mitigate the risk of losing legacy talent, and continue our eforts toward a more diverse and representative workforce.  
To help employees understand the skills they need to advance their careers at the Firm, we ofer programs and training  
to help employees develop their own learning journey to support career growth and development. Approximately  
90,000 employees have leveraged the Firm’s internal Capabilities Model that provides learning recommendations for  
upskilling and reskilling. 
We further support employee development with enhanced education benefts, ofering funding for bachelors, masters  
and certifcation programs to eligible employees. In the U.S., we ofer a catalog of over 500 bachelors, masters, and  
certifcation programs, including 18 fully funded programs. The programs support employees in acquiring skills for the  
roles they are in today and prepare employees to take on new opportunities at the Firm. Of the more than 9,000  
employees who enrolled in our education benefts in 2022, 78% are associate level or below, 50% identify as women,  
62% identify as ethnically diverse and 48% of participants have experienced career mobility during 2022.  CASE STUDY AFGHAN MENTORING PROGRAM 
Following the evacuation of Kabul in August 2021, hundreds of Afghans who had supported the U.K. and coalition Armed 
F
orces were resettled to the U.K. under the Government led Operation New Hope. The Firm’s Ofce of Military and Veterans 
A
fairs has been working with the U.K . ’s Ministry of Defence and associated partners to ofer U.K.-based Afghan’s employ -
ability mentoring. 27 employees have been paired with Afghan’s and have supported them in fnding opportunities in the 
U.K. employment market. One of the mentees joined the Firm’s Military Transition Program in February 2023. 
LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT 
Leadership Edge seeks to develop and inspire world-class managers and executives to drive a culture of inclusion, empowerment  
and growth, so employees can reach their full potential and deliver value for our Firm. In 2022, Leadership Edge launched a  
refreshed curriculum focused on eight manager capabilities which defne what it is to be a manager at the Firm. The capabilities  
include building teams; driving performance; prioritizing diversity, equity and inclusion; and guiding careers. During the year,  
approximately 14,400 individual managers and executives participated in Leadership Edge initiatives, engaging through both  
instructor-led programs and digital, self-paced content. 
In 2022, we also continued to maintain a focus on our talent management and succession planning process. The human  
resources team actively engages with senior leaders to discuss key talent, internal succession and the development of our  
leadership pipeline.  
Leadership Day training, New York, New York is one example of how the Firm helps employees advance their skills and professional development. 
45 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES CASE STUDY EXECUTIVE SPONSORSHIP FOR SENIOR WOMEN LEADERS IN LATIN AMERICA 
AND CANADA   
Executive Director (“ED”) Sponsorship is designed for ED woman talent working at the Firm in Latin America and  
Canada. The program is meant to create an environment where female ED talent have exposure to senior manage -
ment and opportunities to further develop skills in personal brand, self-promotion, networking and more, helping  
participants expand their breadth and depth of contribution and value in the organization, with sponsorship as a  
key component. Since the program’s launch in 2018, we have had 100% retention of program participants and  
more than half of the participants have achieved promotion to Managing Director.  
PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS 
We use an annual Firmwide performance review process to help employees grow and to evaluate how they support our  
culture, business success, client/customer needs, and DEI initiatives. Employees are assessed on both results (“what”)  
and behaviors (“how”) on four Firmwide Performance Dimensions and expectations for their level: Business Results; Cli -
ent/Customer/ Stakeholder; Teamwork and Leadership; and Risks, Controls, and Conduct. 
Fostering Employee Engagement and Satisfaction 
Providing a frst-class employee experience is important to our human capital strategy. This includes engaging our  
employees in strengthening our culture and business, providing allyship for our diverse employee populations, and lis -
tening and responding to employee experiences and ideas.  
We also support employees’ drive to help strengthen their communities by facilitating skills-based volunteering oppor -
tunities. The Firm provides one day of paid time of for volunteer and employee engagement activities from Firm-spon -
sored events to outside activities that are meaningful to our employees. We also provide paid time of to vote in any  
national, state or municipal election to support our employee’s civic engagement. 
The results of our annual Employee Opinion Survey, which are reviewed by senior leadership for potential program  
improvements, had an 87% participation rate in 2022. 
Employees gather at one of the Commercial Banking team’s volunteer opportunities, Los Angeles, California. 
46 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES SUPPORT AND ALLYSHIP FOR DIVERSE EMPLOYEE POPULATIONS 
BRGs are one way we engage and support our employees in helping us build a  
diverse and equitable culture in which everyone feels welcome (see page 40). We  
have 10 BRGs with employee members across 57 countries, and more than half of  
our employees are a member of at least one BRG. The BRGs complement the Cen -
ters of Excellence (page 40) to strengthen our internal culture of respect, equity  
and inclusion, and raise the visibility of the communities they represent.  
Our BRGs include:  
•  Access Ability:  Maximizing the contributions of employees afected by disabili -
ties, long-term illness or caregiving responsibilities. 
•  Adelante:  Empowering Hispanic and Latino employees to identify and pursue 
opportunities for career development and community involvement. 
•  AsPIRE:  Enhancing the professional development and leadership opportunities  
of employees of Asian and Pacifc-Islander heritage. 
•  BOLD:  Providing employees, specifcally those of African descent, with an empow -
ering environment that focuses on professional and personal development. 
•  NEXTGEN:  Engaging early career professionals to network, build relationships  
across all business levels and groups, and promote career development. 
•  PRIDE:  Engaging and supporting Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender employ-
ees, as well as Allies and management, in promoting an inclusive environment. 
•  Sage:  Encouraging and remaining committed to personal and professional  
development, while sharing valuable information. 
•  VETS:  Identifying and advocating for opportunities that will keep the Firm as an  
industry leader while deepening its commitment to veteran families. 
•  WOTM:  Providing a collaborative forum and access to tools that support the suc-
cessful retention, development and advancement of women at all levels of the Firm. 
•  Working Families Network:  Promoting knowledge sharing and providing net -
working opportunities to support employees with work and family integration. EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERISM 
Through a suite of skills-based volunteering programs serving nonprofts, small  
business entrepreneurs, and young people, we support our employees’ desire to  
help their communities and further our philanthropic mission, while providing  
opportunities for them to apply and expand their skills.  
In 2022, our programs designed for nonproft organizations—Service Corps, Board  
Service, and Force for Good—engaged more than 4,200 employees globally to  
address specifc organizational challenges and opportunities facing our community  
partners. As a frm, we recognize that serving on a nonproft board is one of the  
most signifcant commitments our employees make. Since 2018, our Board Service  
program has successfully placed approximately 400 employees on nonproft boards  
around the world. In addition, our Board Match program has provided fnancial sup -
port to nonprofts with qualifying employees serving on the board. 
Another of our social innovation and skill-based volunteerism programs is Force for  
Good, which connects teams of JPMorgan Chase technology and data employees to  
build scalable and sustainable tech-based solutions for nonprofts around the world.  
Through this program, we empower our employees to use their technology skills to  
make a positive impact on communities and help build the next generation of tech -
nology talent. In 2022, nearly 1,300 JPMorgan Chase employees built tech-based  
solutions for more than 150 nonprofts across fve global regions as part of Force  
for Good, impacting more than one million constituents and addressing issues  
including hunger, access to education, lack of shelter, animal welfare, climate  
change and gender rights. The Firm's commitment to skills-based volunteerism and service is also exemplifed  
by the Legal Department's global pro bono program. Regional networks of Legal  
Department employees organize and mobilize colleagues to participate in both  
in-person and virtual events focused on immigration, criminal justice, employment  
opportunities, education, housing and human services, among others. Additionally,  
the Legal Department's unique Fellowship program provides one member of the  
department per year with the opportunity to volunteer for 3–6 months with a non -
proft or legal services provider to further support our communities in a more mean -
ingful and targeted way—while still continuing on as a full-time employee of the Firm. Inclusive of skills-based volunteerism, our employees engaged in local volunteerism  
outside of the workplace through GoodWorks, an employee-led volunteerism pro -
gram. In 2022, our employees committed approximately 398,000 hours of time to  
causes they are passionate about, including fnancial literacy programming, packing  
of fortifed meals and medical kits, upcycling furniture, providing disaster relief  
through satellite mapping and clothing aid, and much more. 
CASE STUDY EMPLOYEE APPRECIATION WEEK 
In 2022, we held our seventh annual Employee Appreciation Week,  
which comprised of a series of special speakers, volunteering events,  
and fun and wellness events. The Firm held over 1,000 local events  
across 220 ofces globally. 
Employees gather during the Firm’s Seventh Annual Employee Appreciation Week, New York, New York. 
47 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES Supporting and Rewarding Our People 
JPMorgan Chase provides market-competitive compensation and benefts programs  
to our employees. The Firm’s compensation philosophy includes guiding principles  
that drive compensation-related decisions across all levels of the Firm. We believe  
our compensation philosophy promotes an equitable and well-governed approach to  
compensation, which includes pay-for-performance practices that attract and retain 
top talent in a competitive market, is responsive to and aligned with shareholders’  
expectations and reinforces our culture and Business Principles, including the inte -
gration of risk, controls and conduct considerations. The Firm’s commitment to  
diversity, equity and inclusion for all employees includes compensation review pro -
cesses that seek to ensure that the Firm’s employees are paid fairly and competi -
tively for the work they do. 
We continue to increase wages for our full- and part-time U.S. hourly paid employ -
ees. As of December 2022, we raised minimum base pay for U.S. overtime-eligible  
employees to between $20 and $25 per hour, depending on location. This is in addi -
tion to the benefts package the Firm ofers that is valued, on average, at approxi -
mately $16,000 per employee for this population. 
PAY EQUITY 
We are committed to fair compensation for our employees. We conduct periodic pay  
equity reviews that include employees at all levels within the Firm. In 2022, taking  
into account factors such as an employee's role, tenure, seniority and geography, in  
aggregate, those who self-identifed as women globally were paid 99% of what men  
were paid. In 2022, in the U.S., employees who self-identifed as other than White  
under EEO Commission classifcations were paid, as a group, 100% of what employ -
ees who self-identifed as White were paid—meaning there were no statistically sig -
nifcant diferences in pay as between the two groups, taking into account factors  
such as an employee’s role, tenure, seniority and geography. Pay equity reviews  
give us important insights, but they are just a starting point. If we identify individu -
als with compensation that is less than expected, we dig deeper. Where appropriate,  we take action to address it. We are proud of the overall diversity of our work -
force. However, we also know that women and ethnically diverse employees still  
are not represented in as many senior management positions as are men and  
White employees. We are taking a variety of actions focused on making progress  
toward our goals in the areas of hiring, retaining, developing and advancing  
women and ethnically diverse employees, especially at more senior levels. 
FINANCIAL HEALTH PROGRAMS 
We believe that fnancial health is an important part of people’s overall well-be -
ing, and we ofer a wide range of benefts and programs to help employees build  
a fnancially secure future. We ofer a myriad of fnancial well-being resources,  
education sessions, a Financial Wellness Assessment and unlimited one-on-one  
fnancial coaching with Certifed Financial Planners (“CFPs®”). 
Supporting Employees and Their 
Families Across Life Stages 
At JPMorgan Chase, we support our people and provide them with c  omprehensive  
health care programs and well-being benefts. That is why we are continually  
investing in and exploring ways to improve health outcomes and strengthen our  
beneft oferings. JPMorgan Chase ofers an extensive benefts and wellness pack -
age to employees and their families, including healthcare coverage, retirement  
benefts, life and disability insurance, onsite health and wellness centers,  
employee assistance programs, competitive vacation and leave policies, backup 
child care arrangements, tuition reimbursement programs, counseling and  
resources related to mental health, and fnancial coaching. We direct a greater  
portion of our benefts spend toward lower-wage earners in the form of lower  
payroll contributions and lower deductibles in the Medical Plan and a $750 special  
award in 2022 to employees earning less than $60,000. In addition, we continue  
to make enhancements to our Medical Plan focused on afordability and access to  
health care services and prescription medication for all. HEALTH PROGRAMS 
We ofer health care benefts for employees and their families. In 2022, we covered  
approximately $1.4 billion in medical costs for employees and their families.  
We also encourage our employees to focus on their well-being and make healthy  
choices a priority. For example, we ofer biometric wellness screening and online  
wellness assessments for employees and their covered spouses/domestic partners.  
In 2022, approximately 70% of enrolled employees and over 60% of enrolled  
spouses/domestic partners completed both of these assessments. Additionally,  we  
have onsite Health and Wellness Centers in 24 U.S. locations and 34 onsite health  
clinics across our other global locations. 
We are also focused on supporting our employees’ mental health. We are building a  
workplace that increases awareness of mental health, educates employees and pro -
vides support when people need it. All employees have access to confdential coun -
seling and support through our Employee Assistance Program.  
In 2022, we received the 2022 Best Employers: Excellence in Health & Well-being  
Award from the Business Group on Health for demonstrating our strong commit -
ment to advancing the well-being of our employees through comprehensive, innova -
tive benefts and initiatives. 
250,000 participants in 15 locations around the world join the J.P.Morgan Corporate Challenge. Pictured: London, U.K. 
48 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES SUPPORTING FAMILIES 
Supporting working families is an important element of how we support our employees, including providing time away  
from work for when people need it. The Firm provides all U.S.-based employees with paid sick leave each year, up to a cap  
of 96 hours depending on local laws. We also provide most full-time and part-time employees three to fve weeks of paid  
vacation annually. We continue to ofer employees eight hours of paid time annually to volunteer in their communities. 
In 2023, the Firm is enhancing paid time of for employees in the U.S. to handle personal and family needs. We are  
expanding bereavement paid time of for loss of a spouse/domestic partner or child. We have introduced four weeks  
of critical caregivers paid time of in the U.S. to care for a seriously ill parent, child, or spouse/domestic partner and  
enhanced parental leave globally for all parents who have a new baby or adopt to a minimum of 16 weeks—eliminating  
having to identify between primary and non-primary parental leaves. We also provide family-building assistance to help employees with the high costs of adoption, surrogacy and fertility  
expenses, including up to $10,000 per child in eligible adoption expenses, up to a $30,000 lifetime maximum for sur -
rogacy and $40,000 lifetime maximum for eligible fertility expenses. 
IMPROVING EMPLOYER-SPONSORED HEALTH CARE  
We launched Morgan Health in 2021 to help innovate and improve the quality, equity and afordability of employ -
er-sponsored health care and address the rising costs of the U.S. health care system. To do so, Morgan Health is  
investing $250 million of JPMorgan Chase & Co. capital to scale promising companies focused on driving greater  
accountability, outcomes and value in health care. Through the end of 2022, Morgan Health has deployed $105 million  
in four early-stage companies; Vera Whole Health , Embold Health , Centivo  and  LetsGetChecked . Morgan Health 
aspires to be a model for other employers in driving scalable, impactful and value-based employee health care solu -
tions through thought leadership. Morgan Health is also bringing greater accountability to health care by supporting models designed to improve employ-
ees’ health outcomes, reduce costs and fll gaps in the equity of care. One approach is to deploy new models for our employees based on relationships built with local health care providers. As part of an innovative new collaboration with one of our portfolio companies, Vera Whole Health, and in collaboration with Central Ohio Primary Care, in 2022 JPMor-gan Chase introduced three new onsite advanced primary care centers across the company’s Columbus ofces (Polaris, Easton and Brooksedge), as well as two new near-site care centers (Dublin, Westerville), ofering a full suite of compre-hensive in-person and virtual health and wellness services for JPMorgan Chase employees and their covered dependents. CASE STUDY ENHANCED FAMILY PLANNING AND LGBTQ+ BENEFITS FOR OUR PEOPLE 
JPMorgan Chase is committed to ofering comprehensive benefts and policies which cover the unique needs of our employ -
ees. In 2022, we expanded covered benefts ofered under our U.S. Medical Plan to support health outcomes for LGBTQ+  
employees and family members. New and enhanced benefts include: 1) a dedicated LGBTQ+ health concierge service to help  
employees with identifying in-network, LGBTQ+ afrming providers, navigating gender afrming care, fnding resources and  
support groups and more; 2) enhanced transgender benefts to better support employees and covered dependents from the  
gender expansive community with accessing a broader set of gender afrming services and procedures; and 3) family build -
ing benefts to increase fexibility in our employee’s journeys of considering when to start a family.  
The Firm supports working families by providing paid time of for critical caregivers in the U.S. and enhanced parental leave globally. Pictured: Dallas, Texas  
49 
INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
SOCIAL 
Feature: Our Racial Equity 
Commitment 
Inclusive Growth Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Human Capital 
GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES  
 
 Governance 
We are committed to setting high standards in our business activities and with our stakeholders. Our gov -
ernance structures are designed to promote accountability, transparency and ethical behavior consistent 
with our corporate standards and Business Principles . We regularly evaluate and enhance our governance 
structures, processes and controls, as appropriate. 
The Firm’s governance structures  
help to monitor progress toward 
key commitments and targets. 50 Corporate Governance & ESG Oversight 
Our corporate governance practices help us serve the inter -
ests of stakeholders, including customers, clients, employees,  
shareholders and communities. The Firm believes that contin -
ued success rests on adherence to its Business Principles,  
which focus on how we strengthen, safeguard and grow our  
company over time. These principles apply consistently across  
LOBs and geographies where we operate.  
We strive to leverage the Firm’s robust governance structures  
to foster sound management and a culture of accountability  
on ESG matters. JPMorgan Chase has set up governance  
structures to monitor progress toward key commitments and  
targets, including processes and controls for data disclosure  
and verifcation. We aim for transparency and accountability  
by reporting progress against key fnancing commitments and  
operational targets annually.  Oversight and Management of ESG 
Responsibility for oversight and management of ESG is defned at multiple levels within the organization. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
The Board is responsible for oversight of the business and  
afairs of the Firm on behalf of shareholders. It is also respon -
sible for setting the cultural “tone at the top”. Its core areas of  
oversight include strategy, executive performance and talent 
management, fnancial performance and condition, risk man -
agement and internal control framework and ESG matters. 
JPMorgan Chase seeks director candidates who uphold the  
highest standards, are committed to the Firm’s values and are  
strong independent stewards of the long-term interests of  
shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers and communi -
ties in which we work. The Board considers its composition  
and needs holistically, determining the diversity of experi-
ence, background and perspective required to efectively  
oversee the Firm, including its present and future strategy.  
The Board looks for candidates with a diversity of experience,  
perspectives and viewpoints, as well as diversity with respect  
to gender, race, ethnicity and nationality. The Corporate Gov -
ernance and Nominating Committee oversees the ongoing  
evaluation of candidates for Board membership and the can -
didate nomination process. The Board oversees management directly and through its fve  
standing committees:  
•  Public Responsibility Committee
•  Compensation & Management Development Committee 
•  Risk Committee 
•  Audit Committee 
•  Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee 
Each committee operates pursuant to a written charter. These  
charters, and the Firm’s Corporate Governance Principles  
guide the Board’s governance and oversight functions. Each  
of the Board’s standing committees oversees ESG-related  
matters within its scope of responsibility. Our annual Proxy  
Statement  includes information about the membership and  
responsibilities of these committees. 
The Board may consider ESG related matters in full Board dis -
cussions and committee discussions. In addition, the director  
education program may include ESG issues. In 2022, board dis -
cussions and education topics included sustainability, climate  
risk management, ESG-related reporting, cybersecurity and DEI. SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
Our management structure is designed to encourage leader -
ship that is consistent with our corporate standards. We man -
age our Firm on a LOB basis, while also maintaining corporate  
functions and appropriate governance of our subsidiaries. Our Firm’s most senior management body is the Operating Com -
mittee (“OC”), which is responsible for developing and imple -
menting corporate strategy and managing operations. The OC is  
composed of our Chief Executive Ofcer (“CEO”), Chief Risk Of -
cer (“CRO”), Chief Financial Ofcer (“CFO”), General Counsel,  
CEOs of each of the LOBs and other senior executives. Senior management—including the OC and leaders within each  
of our lines of business—is responsible for driving strategy  
and execution on ESG matters across the Firm. The CRO, the Head of Human Resources, the Global Head of  
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, the Global Head of Corporate  
Responsibility, the Global Head of Sustainability and other  
senior leaders provide periodic updates on ESG initiatives to  
the OC and Board of Directors. 
51 
  
  
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES ESG eforts are also spearheaded by several teams across the Firm, with some examples including: 
The  O fce of the Secretary is responsible for partnership with senior management, control groups, LOBs and corpo -
rate groups to promote efective governance of the Firm. It works closely with the Board of Directors on ESG matters,  
including responding to shareholder proposals. The Ofce of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion is responsible for leading the development and implementation of the Firm’s  
strategy to enhance DEI within the Firm and support underserved communities. This includes advancing programs and  
initiatives that incorporate a diversity lens into how the Firm develops products and services, serves clients, helps com -
munities and supports employees. The  Corporate Responsibility  team is responsible for designing, implementing and evaluating community and philan -
thropic programs that aim to open new pathways to economic opportunity for individuals, provide actionable insight to  
civic and community leaders, and protect the environment. It is composed of Government Relations, Public Engage -
ment, Corporate Sustainability, Global Philanthropy and Research and Policy teams. The Corporate Sustainability  team 
is responsible for providing advice across the Firm and its LOBs on its approach to managing ESG matters, including  
supporting the development of sustainability- and climate-focused business strategies and fnancing opportunities,  
engaging with stakeholders and policy-makers, and facilitating external ESG- and Climate-related reporting. The  ESG Investor Relations team is responsible for engaging with the investor community on the Firm’s ESG strategy,  
disclosures and performance, and then providing strategic intelligence and advice to senior management and the Board  
on investor views. The  Chief Administrative Ofce (“CAO”)  provides multiple global services that support the day-to-day operations of  
the Firm’s businesses. The CAO includes the  Operational Sustainability team , responsible for the Firm’s carbon man -
agement strategy and for coordinating the implementation of operational sustainability eforts across the corporate  
functions; the  Global Real Estate team, responsible for the deployment of onsite renewable energy, implementation of  
energy efciency and water use minimization measures; and the Supplier Sustainability Team , responsible for provid -
ing oversight of the Firm’s supply chain with respect to ESG matters, including on environmental sustainability matters. The  Independent Risk Management  function establishes the Firm’s risk management frameworks. It also reviews and  
challenges risks identifed by the LOBs and Corporate. The Global Environmental and Social Risk Management team  
establishes the Firm’s policies, standards, and processes for certain E&S risks that outline the approach for consistent  
identifcation, escalation and management of transactions and activities that may present certain increase in such risks. 
The Climate Risk  team’s responsibilities include establishing the Firm’s framework and strategy for managing climate  
risk, setting climate risk policies, standards and processes and establishing our climate risk data strategy. 
 Employees participating in the Asian Leadership Forum, New York, New York. 
52 
  
 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES Stakeholder  
Engagement 
Our Firm has a range of stakeholders, including customers  
and clients, shareholders, employees, communities, regula -
tors and policymakers, suppliers, and research analysts. We  
engage with these stakeholders throughout the year to obtain  
insight into their needs and perspectives, and to gather feed -
back on our strategy and performance, including as they  
relate to ESG matters. 
Responsibility for engaging with stakeholder groups is widely  
shared across our Firm’s lines of business and corporate func -
tions, and we engage through numerous channels. The insight  
we gain from our engagement with key stakeholders is con -
sidered when developing the Firm’s business strategies, prod -
ucts and services and policies and procedures. We also recognize stakeholders’ interest in timely information  
concerning our ESG-related strategies and activities. We plan  
to continue to provide information through a number of chan -
nels, including our Annual Report and Proxy Statement, ESG-  
and climate-related reporting, regulatory flings, our website,  
press releases, direct conversations with stakeholders, and  
various other reports and presentations. We intend to use  
SASB’s, GRI’s and TCFD’s guidelines to inform the develop -
ment of our ESG and climate-related disclosures. We are also  
closely monitoring regulatory developments related to man -
datory ESG- and climate-related reporting requirements in  
several jurisdictions around the world. Stakeholder Group How We Engage 
Customers and Clients We are helping support our small business and consumer  
fnance customers meet their fnancial needs, as well as our  
corporate and institutional clients. We regularly solicit and  
respond to customer and client feedback about our products,  
services and organization as a whole, and endeavor to build  
long-lasting relationships based on trust and mutual respect. •  We engage regularly with our customers in our branches and through our website and social media platforms. We  
take pride in providing inclusive interaction. For example, we have multi-lingual staf in many of our branches and  
are investing in sign language interpreters at key locations—e.g., near Gallaudet University in Washington D.C. We  
also seek customer feedback via online and in-branch surveys, with the aim of improving customer interaction and  
experience, and have a conduct hotline through which our customers can anonymously raise concerns and report  
misconduct. We also engage with our clients through one-on-one meetings, roundtables and conferences. 
•  We listen and respond to the needs of our customers and clients by ofering products and services that emphasize  
social and environmental responsibility, including lending for afordable housing and electric vehicles, and sup -
porting minority-owned businesses through fnancial literacy coaching. 
Employees Our people are at the heart of JPMorgan Chase and are vital  
t
o our success. We work to understand our employees’ evolv -
ing needs and perspectives.  •  We engage with our employees through surveys, including our global Employee Opinion Survey and Exit Surveys; town  
hall and small group meetings; focus groups; blogs, articles and newsletters; online feedback tools; and other forums.  
•  Engagement surveys are conducted periodically and allow us to identify areas of strength and opportunities for  
improvement to promote continued employee satisfaction and retention. 
Communities We are committed to considering diverse perspectives,  
p
articularly those of the communities we serve, in the   
Firm’s decisions.  •  We are engaging with external stakeholders in a variety of forums. Through our longstanding Chase Advisory Panel  
program, we facilitate regular conversations among senior JPMorgan Chase executives and consumer policy groups,  
nonproft organizations, civic leaders, trade associations and diverse chambers of commerce, many of which are  
sources of information and ideas about how the Firm can promote racial equity through our products, services and  
approaches. Community Engagement furthers local and national engagement and two-way dialogue with stakeholders.  
In 2022, Community Engagement held 50 Chase Advisory Panels, listening sessions and other convenings with over 120  
community stakeholders to share frmwide updates and solicit feedback on products, services and approaches. 
Investors We engage shareholders and fxed-income investors on  
im
portant topics including corporate governance, shareholder  
rights, executive compensation and ESG-related matters. •  We communicate with investors through our quarterly earnings materials, Annual Report and Proxy Statement,  
Securities and Exchange Commission flings, press releases and the Firm’s website. In addition, we engage with  
shareholders through quarterly earnings calls, investor meetings and conferences, annual general meetings and  
other forums. We conduct a semiannual shareholder outreach program focused on topics that include, but are not  
limited to, executive compensation, corporate governance, shareholder rights, and other ESG-related matters such  
as climate change and DEI. During these engagements, management shares information, addresses questions, and  
solicits shareholders’ perspectives and feedback. Directors participate in these meetings as appropriate. Following  
each shareholder outreach program, shareholders’ areas of focus and feedback are shared with the Board.  
•  We also engage in dialogue with equity and fxed income investors throughout the year. These engagements provide  
us with useful feedback, which we consider when developing the Firm’s processes, practices and strategic direction. 
•  In 2022, as part of our semi-annual shareholder outreach program, we solicited feedback through approximately 172  
engagements with 118 shareholders, representing approximately 49% of the Firm’s outstanding common stock.45,46 
45  Based on Nasdaq IRI data and representing ownership of common shares outstanding as of 09/30/2022. 
46  For the period January 19, 2020 to March 9, 2023. 
53 
  
  
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES Stakeholder Group How We Engage 
Regulators and Policymakers 
We strive to maintain an open, ongoing dialogue with our  
global supervisory regulators and other policymakers. We  
believe that responsible corporate citizenship demands a  
strong commitment to a healthy and informed democracy  
through civic and community involvement. •  We engage with policymakers on a range of issues, including banking, fnancial services, cybersecurity, workforce  
development, small business, tax, trade and inclusive economic growth, among others. We engage with regulators  
as necessary to conduct business and provide commentary on proposed changes to relevant regulations afecting  
our business. For more information on the Firm’s political engagement, see page 55. 
ESG Raters We recognize that our clients, shareholders and other stake -
holders are interested in our performance on a range of ESG  
matters. We regularly engage with ESG raters to provide  
them with information relevant to the Firm. •  We engage in open, transparent dialogue with rating agencies in order to better understand their methodologies  
and scoring, correct discrepancies and provide feedback. Our Corporate Sustainability and Investor Relations  
teams manage our relationships with ESG rating agencies and lead our eforts to identify and implement enhance -
ments to policies, procedures and practices that can improve our ESG performance and address any known issues.  
•  We also spend time and resources to educate relevant internal stakeholders about ESG ratings so they are pre -
pared to respond to questions from clients about the subject. 
Suppliers We engage in dialogue with our key suppliers on topics includ -
ing our ability to operate efciently and efectively, deliver  
products and services that meet our clients’ and customers’  
needs, manage risk and controls and drive sustainability,  
diversity, equity and inclusion throughout our supply chain. •  We interact with our key suppliers on a frequent basis through various channels, including regular business  
reviews, ad hoc meetings, phone, town halls, and email. We are committed to holding our suppliers to high stan -
dards of business conduct and integrity, and we work together to make a positive impact in the communities  
where we do business. 
Research Analysts We strive to meet the information needs of members of the  
investment community, including portfolio managers, fnan -
cial and ESG analysts, and stewardship teams. •  We provide information to members of the investment community, including portfolio managers, fnancial and ESG  
analysts and stewardship teams, through regulatory flings, quarterly earning materials, reports, presentations,  
conferences and publications on our website. In addition, we respond to surveys and specifc information requests,  
and engage with portfolio managers, analysts and stewardship teams through throughout the year. STRENGTHENING OUR SUSTAINABILITY 
COMMITMENTS THROUGH EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT  
We encourage our employees to think about how they can live  
more sustainably. Our GoGreen teams are a global network of  
employee-led action groups that work to foster a community of  
informed, engaged and inspired employees who contribute to our  
sustainability culture. The mission of the GoGreen teams is to  
increase employee awareness of sustainability initiatives at JPMor -
gan Chase—including our sustainability commitments and what the  
Firm is doing to meet them—and ofer employees opportunities to  
engage in sustainable activities at work, at home and in their com -
munities. During 2022, the global GoGreen program expanded to  
nearly 50 teams, an over 55% increase year-over-year, engaging 
more than 13,000 members, a three-fold increase year-over-year. 
In 2022, our employees were ofered the opportunity to engage in  
sustainability activities around the globe. Highlights of our 
GoGreen program eforts include: 
•  Participating in Earth Hour, going dark for one hour in our  
homes and within more than 30 JPMorgan Chase buildings. 
•  Hosting events around the globe in recognition of World Earth  
Day, World Environment Day and COP27. 
•  Collaborating with local community organizations to host  
beach and riverbank clean-ups, wildlife habitat enhancement  
activities, tree planting and litter clearing. 
•  Helping employees discover ways to live sustainably through  
onsite events such as electric bicycle demonstrations, per -
sonal e-waste disposal days, reusable giveaways to reduce  
single-use plastics, and carbon footprint reduction challenges. 
•  Sponsoring learning sessions with sustainability experts on  
topics such as making sustainable food choices, composting 
and gardening at home, recycling and waste management,  
and establishing a corporate beekeeping program to provide  
safe pollinator habitats for honeybees. 
54 
  
 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES Political Engagement  
and Public Policy 
JPMorgan Chase believes that responsible corporate citizenship demands a strong commitment to a healthy and  
informed democracy through civic and community involvement. Our business is subject to extensive laws and regula -
tions, and changes to such laws can signifcantly afect how we operate, our revenues and the costs we incur. Because  
of the impact public policy can have on our businesses, employees, communities and customers, we engage with poli -
cymakers holding a range of views on a range of issues—including banking, fnancial services, cybersecurity, workforce  
development, small business, tax, trade and inclusive economic growth, among others—to advance and protect the  
long-term interests of the Firm.  
The Firm’s political engagement and public policy activities are managed by Global Government Relations. This organi -
zation and leadership helps us focus the Firm’s political engagement eforts on those public policy issues most relevant  
to the long-term interests of the Firm overall and to our clients and shareholders. 
The Firm belongs to a number of trade associations and ESG-related initiatives that advocate on and help address  
major public policy issues of importance to the Firm and the communities we serve. The Firm’s participation as a mem -
ber of these associations and initiatives comes with the understanding that we may not always align with all their posi -
tions or those of its other members. We are committed to independent decision-making at the Firm and providing  
appropriate feedback on the eforts by these associations, including where there is misalignment between the Firm’s  
ESG objectives and trade associations positions or activities. The Public Responsibility Committee of our Board of Directors provides oversight of our positions and practices on pub -
lic responsibility matters, including signifcant policies and practices regarding political contributions, major lobbying 
priorities and principal trade association memberships that relate to the Firm's public policy objectives.  
Because of our policies and practices, we received a “Trendsetter” ranking in 2022, with an overall score of 97.1%, scor -
ing in the top 20 of Fortune 500 companies for political disclosure and accountability by the CPA-Zicklin Index of Corpo -
rate Political Disclosure and Accountability. 
The Firm discloses on its website contributions made by the Firm's political action committees, contributions of corpo -
rate funds made in connection with ballot initiatives and information about our governance and oversight practices. 
The Firm engages on public policy issues of importance to the business and the communities we serve. Pictured: Community Branch, Little Havana, Miami, Florida 
55 
  
 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES Managing Environmental  
and Social Risks 
JPMorgan Chase’s overall objective is to manage its business, and the associated risks, in a manner that balances serv -
ing the interests of our clients, customers and investors, and protecting the safety and soundness of the Firm. The  
world today faces environmental and social challenges, such as climate change, biodiversity and ecosystem loss, and  
human rights issues. If not adequately addressed these challenges could create risks for society and businesses.  
Please see page 70 for more information on how we manage E&S Risk in certain sectors, activities, and locations. 
For more information on the Firm’s overall approach to risk management, including Climate Risk, see our Form 10-K  
and  2022 Climate Report . 
GUIDING E&S PRINCIPLES 
Where relevant, JPMorgan Chase may consider a range of internationally recognized principles to inform the Firm’s  
approach in managing certain E&S risks. These include: •  Equator Principles 
•  International Finance Corporation Performance Standards, including Performance Standard 7 on Indigenous  
Peoples, and World Bank Environmental, Health & Safety Guidelines 
•  Relevant  International Capital Markets Association / Loan Market Association principles  such as the Green Bond  
Principles, Sustainability Linked Loan Principles, Social / Sustainable / Sustainability Linked Bond Principles, etc.  
•  Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
•  Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures 
•  United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
•  United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights Human Rights 
JPMorgan Chase supports fundamental principles of human rights across all our lines of business and in each region of  
the world where we have a presence. We recognize that modern slavery issues, such as forced labor, child labor and  
human trafcking, are a signifcant global challenge. We believe it is the role of government and the business commu -
nity in every country to protect human rights. We also believe that our Firm has a role to play in promoting respect for  
human rights. It is our policy not to provide lending, capital markets or advisory services to clients if there is evidence  
of forced or child labor, human trafcking or slavery. Our respect for the protection and preservation of human rights is guided by the principles set forth in the United  
Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights . Further, we acknowledge the United Nations Guiding Principles on Busi -
ness and Human Rights  as the recognized framework for corporations to protect and respect human rights in their own  
operations and through their business relationships. For more information on how we manage human rights and mod -
ern slavery-related risks in our operations, business activities of our clients and customers and in our supply chain,  
please refer to our FY2021 Modern Slavery Statement . 
56 
  
  
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES Data Privacy & Cybersecurity 
As digital solutions play an ever-larger role in fnancial services and the economy as  
a whole, the risk of cyber-attacks and other threats to information security contin -
ues to evolve and grow. In addition, the individuals with whom the Firm interacts  
expect that our data practices are safe and lawful. Data privacy and cybersecurity  
therefore remain top priorities for our Firm. At the same time, greater reliance on  
remote work given our hybrid working model has only further underscored the  
importance of safe digital solutions and data practices. 
Data Privacy 
As a global fnancial institution, our Firm collects, processes, uses, shares and dis -
positions all manner of personal and fnancial information every day, and we have  
processes designed to manage that data in accordance with the laws, rules and reg -
ulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We take a multi-faceted approach  
to addressing privacy and data protection risks, including maintaining and evolving  
our internal controls, establishing policies covering all stages of the data lifecycle  
and deploying appropriate technology. 
Our Firmwide internal policy on personal information applies globally to our legal  
entities, as well as third parties that handle personal information on our behalf.  
The policy sets forth minimum requirements, including that personal information is  
processed for defned purposes. The policy also specifes the use of privacy by  
design principles, designed to ensure that privacy is taken into account throughout  
the data lifecycle. Data protection and privacy are key components of our global data risk manage -
ment program. That program focuses on execution of the compliance and opera -
tional risk oversight of data management and privacy governance, controls, and  
remediation activities in the Firm. The Firm’s privacy framework outlines roles and  
responsibilities, sets policies and standards, directs advisory requests, and provides  
protocols for monitoring, reporting, and escalation of key privacy risks and issues.  
The program reports periodically to our management, including our OC and Board  
of Directors. Our multi-stakeholder approach to oversight and governance is embed -
ded in our three lines of defense and supported by dedicated data and privacy  
teams around the world. We provide regular training and awareness to our work -
force, not only on core privacy obligations and how to meet them, but also on  
emerging risks, trends and new developments. Information on how we collect, process, use, share and disposition personal infor -
mation, as well as rights that individuals may have with respect to their personal  
information and how to exercise them, is available on our websites and upon  
request through multiple channels. In addition to traditional privacy notices, we 
often publish related materials such as frequently asked questions and tips for  
keeping personal fnancial information safe.  
We have a wide range of technological, administrative, organizational and physical  
security measures designed to safeguard the confdentiality, integrity and availabil -
ity of personal information. Our Code of Conduct and related policies include spe -
cifc guidelines on how employees should protect the confdential information of  
those we have relationships with, including consumers, employees, service provid -
ers, commercial businesses or government bodies.  We have established processes and procedures to report and respond to suspected  
or actual data privacy incidents that may compromise the confdentiality, integrity  
or availability of personal information and provide our employees the ability to  
make reports through our internal systems. Our centralized process requires escala -
tion to a dedicated incident response team for severity assessment, mitigation, root  
cause analysis and corrective action.  
In accordance with the Firm's policies, we notify individuals and our regulators of  
data incidents. 
JPMorgan Chase regularly engages with lawmakers and civil society on policy issues  
related to data protection and privacy, including the development and moderniza -
tion of U.S. federal and state privacy laws. We will continue to support policy that  
protects people and their personal information, promotes organizational account -
ability and enables benefcial data-driven innovation. 
57 
  
 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES Cybersecurity 
JPMorgan Chase experiences numerous cyber-attacks on its computer systems,  
software, networks and other technology assets on a daily basis from various  
actors, including groups acting on behalf of hostile countries, cyber-criminals,  
“hacktivists” (i.e., individuals or groups that use technology to promote a political  
agenda or social change) and others. 
As threats to cybersecurity grow in size and sophistication, protecting our Firm, cus -
tomers and vendors while enabling innovation is an important, evolving priority.  
When we enter new businesses and adopt new technologies, these risks and chal -
lenges multiply. This is why we devote signifcant, diverse resources to cybersecu -
rity. Our eforts are designed to stop malicious actors from infltrating our computer  
systems to destroy data, obtain confdential information, disrupt service, engage in  
“ransomware” or cause other damage. For example, through the CB, we provide cli -
ents with resources and educational content to help them fght and prevent fraud  
losses, such as a client ransomware guide and business email compromise toolkit. To help safeguard the confdentiality, integrity and availability of our infrastructure,  
resources and information, we maintain a robust Information Security Program. It  
establishes policies and procedures to prevent, detect and respond to cyber-at -
tacks. Since our employees serve as the frst line of defense, we educate, train and  
test our employees on how to identify potential cybersecurity risks, protect the  
Firm’s resources and information, and report any unusual activity or incidents.  
Employees are required to complete cybersecurity training and complete quarterly  
Firmwide phishing tests. We also require certain third-party vendors to comply with minimum security and con -
trol standards, our Supplier Code of Conduct, and all applicable laws and regulations. The Global Cybersecurity and Technology Controls ("CTC") organization, working  
with each of our lines of business and corporate functions, identifes technology and  
cybersecurity risks and is responsible for the controls to manage these threats. CTC  
assesses changes in global threats and monitors our operations to detect and  
respond to them. We also conduct periodic internal assessments to identify vulnera -
bilities, upgrade opportunities and new defense layers. Our cybersecurity incident  
response plan is designed to allow us to react to attempted breaches, coordinate  
our response with law enforcement and notify customers, when applicable. The CTC organization’s eforts are overseen by management at multiple levels,  
including technology management, greater Firmwide management and the Firm’s  
OC. The Board is updated periodically on our Information Security Program and any  
recommended changes, cybersecurity policies and practices, and ongoing eforts to  
improve security, as well as on our eforts regarding signifcant cybersecurity events.  
In addition to internal capabilities, we leverage external resources to strengthen  
our defenses. Our cybersecurity controls, governance and practices are based on  
recognized industry best practices
47. We a
lso have adopted the Financial Sector  
Profle from the Cyber Risk Institute, which provides the framework by which these  
various best practices are aligned with and integrated into our technology and  
cybersecurity standards. These standards meet the requirements of more than 150  
regulators worldwide and are periodically updated. We also engage third parties to  
independently evaluate our capabilities and identify areas for improvement. Exter -
nal auditors periodically review our IT programs and processes, and regulators  
periodically inspect and review our program in the countries where we operate. We  
also discuss cybersecurity risks with law enforcement, government ofcials, peer  
groups and trade associations. Cyber-attacks are a threat not just to our Firm, but also to our clients and the global  
fnancial system. We have increased our eforts to educate shareholders and cus -
tomers about the importance of disciplined cyber hygiene and protecting them -
selves against fraud. We also contribute to eforts to build and maintain systemic resiliency. We are a  
member of the  Financial Services Information Sharing & Analysis Center , an intelli -
gence-sharing cooperative for the fnancial services industry. Its more than 22,000  
users in more than 75 countries share best practices and exercises to better secure  
the sector for the beneft of the public and the resiliency and integrity of fnancial  
institutions. Our Firm also helped create the Analysis and Resilience Center for Sys -
temic Risk, an industry-funded nonproft organization designed to mitigate systemic  
risk to the nation’s critical energy and fnancial infrastructure.  
JPMorgan Chase also participates in public-private partnerships and, over the  
course of 2022, was engaged on policy issues related to operational collaboration,  
including incident notifcation, software bill of materials, zero trust and evolving  
U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") standards. We will con -
tinue to support policy that protects the global fnancial system as a whole, as well  
as improving the nation’s cybersecurity. 
47  Industry best practices include; ISACA COBIT, ISO 27000 standards, FFIEC guidance, the Information Security Forum Standard for Good Practice, NIST SP800-53 and BSIMIM. 
58 
  
  
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES Business Ethics 
We strive to be accountable, straightforward and honest in our dealings with cus -
tomers, employees, suppliers, shareholders and other stakeholders. Our Code of  
Conduct, Business Principles and other internal policies and procedures are  
designed to promote a culture of respect that allows every employee to feel safe at  
work and empowered to speak up if they have concerns about unethical behavior. 
Code of Conduct 
Our Code of Conduct highlights the personal responsibility of every employee to  
operate with the highest standards of integrity, transparency and ethical conduct. It  
emphasizes the importance of avoiding real and perceived conficts of interest, pro -
tecting confdential information and maintaining a workplace that is free from 
threats, intimidation, and physical harm. 
Employees must complete Code training shortly after their start date, and each year  
employees must afrm their compliance with the Code. In general, consultants,  
agents and contract or temporary workers are expected to comply with the underly -
ing principles of the Code. An additional Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals  
applies to the CEO, CFO and other fnance, accounting, corporate treasury, tax and  
investor relations roles.  
We reinforce these expectations through various channels, including senior leaders’  
communications with employees, town-hall meetings and culture- and conduct-re -
lated questions in our employee surveys. In addition, Acting with Integrity is one cri -
terion used to evaluate employees during their annual reviews. Employees are required to raise concerns about misconduct and report any poten -
tia
l or actual violations of the Code of Conduct, other Firm policies or any applicable  
law or regulation. Employees, directors, suppliers and customers can report known  
or suspected violations to our Conduct Hotline via phone, online or mobile device.  
The Hotline is anonymous, except in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions where anonymous  
reporting is prohibited. It is operated by a third-party service provider and is acces -
sible 24/7 worldwide, with translation services available. The Code of Conduct prohibits intimidation or retaliation against anyone who raises  
an issue in good faith or assists with an investigation. Reporting obligations to the  
company do not prevent employees from reporting to the government or regulators  
conduct that they believe violates the law. It is our policy to promptly review all  
potential violations and take action as appropriate. Under our policy, confdentiality  
will be maintained to the extent possible consistent with investigations. Ethics and culture are key focus areas of our Board of Directors. The Board’s Com -
pensation & Management Development Committee is responsible for overseeing the  
governance framework that underpins our Firmwide culture of ethics and receives  
regular updates from management, including regarding certain material risk and  
control issues where misconduct is the root cause. This committee holds a periodic  
joint session with the Risk Committee, in which directors are briefed by senior man -
agement on conduct-related matters. The Audit Committee periodically receives  
reports on the Code of Conduct program and assists the Board in providing over -
sight of compliance with the Firm’s ethical standards, policies, plans and proce -
dures, and with laws and regulations. 
JPMorgan Chase employees are expected to operate with the highest standards of integrity, transparency, and ethical conduct. 
59 
  
  
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES Financial Crimes and Anti-Corruption 
Our Firm has a principle of zero tolerance for bribery and corruption. Our global  
Anti-Corruption Policy prohibits ofering or giving anything of value to—and solicit -
ing or accepting anything of value from—anyone for a corrupt purpose, such as  
improper payments or benefts to government ofcials or private parties for a busi -
ness advantage. The program includes a governance structure managed by anti-cor -
ruption professionals with senior management oversight, training and awareness  
activities and monitoring and testing for compliance. Employees are required to  
complete anti-corruption training. 
We are also committed to participating in international eforts to combat money  
laundering, sanctions evasions and the funding of terrorist activities. We have  
implemented a risk-based, global Anti-Money Laundering Compliance & Sanctions  
Program designed to comply with anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and  
regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we operate. We are also part of  
the Wolfsberg Group, an association of banks which seeks to develop frameworks  
and guidance for the management of fnancial crime risks, including the founda -
tional Wolfsberg Anti-Money Laundering Principles for Private Banking. Fair Lending and Banking Practices 
JPMorgan Chase seeks to treat all individuals fairly and equitably in the conduct of  
its lending businesses and in all jurisdictions where it conducts business. This is part  
of our mission of providing quality fnancial services to existing and prospective cus -
tomers in accordance with all applicable laws. In the United States, those fair lend -
ing laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, as well  
as other state and local laws. These laws require, among other things, the equitable  
treatment of all credit applicants without regard to race, sex (including gender, gen -
der identity and sexual orientation), color, national origin, religion, age, marital sta -
tus, disability, familial status, the fact that all or part of the applicant’s income  
derives from public assistance programs or to the fact that the applicant has in  
good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. The expec -
tation around fair treatment of our current and potential customers extends to  
every aspect of a credit transaction, including not only how we review credit  
requests, but also our advertising, handling of pre-application inquiries, loan dis -
bursements, and ongoing servicing of the loan. 
Responsible Marketing 
We believe it is important to be clear and transparent in our advertising and market -
ing. The Firm seeks to comply with applicable laws and regulations on responsible  
and fair marketing practices. Our sales employees are expected to communicate with  
customers in a clear, truthful and complete manner and to provide them with rele -
vant information to make an informed decision. Our lines of business are required to  
have an established procedure for reviewing all new and revised marketing materi -
als, terms and conditions, disclaimers and other customer communications. Supply Chain and Responsible Sourcing 
We expect our suppliers to demonstrate high standards of business conduct and  
integrity. Through our Supplier Code of Conduct, we set out our Business Principles  
that we expect our suppliers to adhere to, such as operational excellence, fairness,  
and environmental and social responsibility. Our suppliers respond to annual targeted surveys through which we assess how well  
they manage issues such as labor practices, human rights, environmental manage -
ment, and occupational health and safety. We believe that the efective manage -
ment of these issues, including adherence to applicable laws and regulations,  
reduces potential risk to both JPMorgan Chase and our suppliers. In 2022, we  
enhanced our supplier DEI standards and clarifed requirements for suppliers. The  
DEI practices of our suppliers are assessed and monitored.  
We have set up a Supply Network collective comprised of supplier-management  
stakeholders across the Firm, including vendor management, sourcing and procure -
ment, and fnance and business management, which aims to promote community,  
connectivity and collaboration as ways to improve JPMorgan Chase's supply chain.  
The Firm leverages its relationships with its key suppliers to promote increased spend -
ing with underrepresented businesses and provides them with guidance in building 
their own supplier diversity programs; 85% of the suppliers enrolled in the Firm’s sup-plier diversity mentorship program launched new supplier diversity programs in 2022. For more information on our eforts to improve supplier diversity, see page 33. 
60 
  
  
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL 
GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance & 
ESG Oversight 
Stakeholder Engagement Political Engagement and 
Public Policy 
Managing Environmental and 
Social Risks 
Human Rights Data Privacy & Cybersecurity Business Ethics 
APPENDICES Appendices 
Employees and community partners come together 
for the JPMorgan Chase Bus Tour, Dallas, Texas. 61List of Acronyms 
ABP Advancing Black Pathways - DEI Center of Excellence 
AHL Advancing Hispanics & Latinos - DEI Center of Excellence 
AI Artifcial Intelligence 
AMI Area Median Income 
API Asian & Pacifc Islander 
AWM Asset & Wealth Management 
BRGs Business Resource Groups 
CAF Carbon Assessment Framework 
CAO Chief Administrative Ofcer 
CB Commercial Banking 
CCB Consumer & Community Banking 
CCT Center for Carbon Transition 
CDFI Community Development Financial Institutions 
CEO Chief Executive Ofcer 
CFC National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 
CFO Chief Financial Ofcer 
CIB Corporate & Investment Bank 
CIC Climate Impact Contribution 
CIO Chief Investment Ofce 
CMDC Compensation & Management Development Committee 
CO2 Carbon Dioxide 
CRO Chief Risk Ofcer 
DEI Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 
DFSA Development Finance Structuring Agent 
E&S Environmental and Social 
EACs Energy Attribute Certifcates EEO Equal Employment Opportunity 
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance 
EV Electric Vehicle 
e-waste Electronic waste 
FMCG Fast moving consumer goods 
FSC Forest Stewardship Council 
GHG Greenhouse Gas 
GMSC Global Markets Sustainability Center 
GREC Greenbacker Renewable Energy Corporation 
GRI Global Reporting Initiative 
GSS Green, Social and Sustainable (Bonds) 
HAF San Francisco Housing Accelerator Fund 
HBCUs Historically Black Colleges and Universities 
IEA International Energy Agency 
IPO Initial Public Ofering 
JPM DFI J.P. Morgan Development Finance Institution 
JPMAM J.P. Morgan Asset Management 
JRE Japan Renewable Energy Corporation 
LIHTC Low Income Housing Tax Credit 
LMI Low-to-Moderate Income 
LOB Line of Business 
M&A Merger and Acquisition 
MAP Miami Afordability Project 
MDIs Minority Depository Institutions 
mtCO2e Metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent 
MW Megawatt NDPE No Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation 
NGO Non-Governmental Organization 
NMTC New Market Tax Credit 
NZE Net Zero by 2050 Scenario 
OC Operating Committee 
ODI Ofce of Disability Inclusion - DEI Center of Excellence 
PEFC Program for the Endorsement of Forest Certifcation 
PPAs Power Purchase Agreements 
RECs Renewable Energy Certifcates 
RSPO Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil  
SASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
SDGs United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
SFI Sustainable Forestry Initiative 
SOAR Southern Opportunity and Resilience Fund 
SPCP Special Purpose Credit Program 
TCFD Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
TFI The Fellowship Initiative 
TNC The Nature Conservancy 
TNFD Task Force on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures 
U.K. United Kingdom 
U.S. United States 
UPHPA Uniform Partition of Heirs Property Act 
WEO World Energy Outlook 
WOTM Women on the Move - DEI Center of Excellence 
62 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations Global Reporting  
Initiative Index  
We identifed the following GRI topics as related to our key ESG topics: economic  
performance, indirect economic impacts, anti-corruption, anti-competitive behavior, 
energy, water and efuents, emissions, biodiversity, employment, training and edu -
cation, diversity and equal opportunity, human rights assessment, local communi -
ties, public policy, product portfolio, audit, active ownership, marketing and label -
ing, customer privacy and socioeconomic compliance.  
The index below includes GRI indicators that are relevant to our business. Unless  
oth
erwise noted, all data and descriptions apply to our entire Firm and are as of or  
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
Source Key 
2022 Form 10-K 
2022 Climate Report  
Code  o
f Conduct 
Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals 
Corporate Governance Principles Environmental Data 2022 ESG Report Hum a
n Rights Statement 
Modern Slavery Act Statement 2023 Proxy Statement 
Weblinks Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
GRI 2: GENERAL DISCLOSURES (2021) 
2-1 Organizational details 2022 Form 10-K (p. 1, 33) 
20
22 ESG Report (p. 3–4) 
Who We Are 
2-2 E
ntities included in the organiza-
tion’s sustainability reporting 2022 Form 10-K (p. 1) 2022 ESG Report (p. 3–4) 
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and
contact point 2022 ESG Report (p. 4) 
Note:  Reporting frequency is annually, and aligns to the 
Firm’s fnancial reporting period. 
Contact points:  
Sustainability 
Inv
estor Relations 
2-4 R
estatements of information 20
22 ESG Report (p. 8, footnote 1 1) 
2-5 E
xternal assurance Note:  We did not seek external assurance for the contents 
of this report. 
2-6 A
ctivities, value chain, and other  
business relationships 2022 ESG Report (p. 3, 25–27, 33–37) 2022 Form 10-K (p. 33, 44, 61–80)  
Su
ppliers 
Who We Are 
Note:  JPMorgan Chase does business with over 19,000 
suppliers globally across a wide range of product/service 
categories. Our third-party vendor spend is spread across categories such as real estate, professional services, tech-nology, marketing, document production, printing, ship-ping and travel, among others. 
2-7 E
mployees 2022 ESG Report (p. 39) 
20
22 Form 10-K (p. 2) 
2-9 G
overnance structure and  
composition 
 
Co
rporate Governance Principles 
2022 ESG Report (p. 51) 2023 Proxy Statement (p. 5, 10, 12–19,  
24–26) 
Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
2-10 Nomination and selection of the  
highest governance body 2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 20–21) 
2-11 Chair of the highest governance  
body 2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 3, 5, 22–23) 
2-12 Role of the highest governance  
body in overseeing the manage -
ment of impacts 2022 Form 10-K (p. 81–84) 2022 ESG Report (p. 51) 2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 28–31) 
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impacts 2022 ESG Report (p. 14–16, 40–42, 47,  
51–52, 56) 
2-14 Role of the highest governance  
body in sustainability reporting Note:  Our Corporate Sustainability team, which is led by 
the Global Head of Sustainability who reports to the Global 
Head of Corporate Responsibility, oversees the develop-ment of our sustainability reporting. 
2-15 Conficts of interest 
 Code of Conduct 
Corporate Governance Principles 2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 13–18, 34–35) 
2-16 Communication of critical  
concerns Corporate Governance Principles 
2-17 Collective knowledge of the  
highest governance body 
2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 27) 
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of  
the highest governance body 
2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 27) 
2-19 Remuneration policies 
 2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 32–80) 
2-20 Process to determine  
remuneration 
2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 32–80) 
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio 
 2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 78) 
2-22 Statement on sustainable devel -
opment strategy 
2022 ESG Report (p. 2) 
63 
 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
2-23 Policy commitments 
 Code of Conduct 
Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals Business Principles Human Rights 
2-24 Embedding policy commitments  
 Code of Conduct Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals Business Principles 2022 ESG Report (p. 51–52, 56, 59) Human Rights 
2-25 Processes to remediate negative  
impacts 
Code of Conduct Corporate Governance Principles 2022 ESG Report (p. 51–56, 59, 70–71) Human Rights  
Modern Slavery Act Statement 
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice  
and raising concerns 
Code of Conduct 
2-27 Compliance with laws and  
regulations 
2022 Form 10-K (Note 30 p. 283–286).  
Note on the Firm’s legal proceedings:  As of December 31, 
2022, the Firm and its subsidiaries and afliates are defen-
dants or respondents in numerous legal proceedings, including private, civil litigations, government investiga-tions or regulatory enforcement matters. The litigations range from individual actions involving a single plaintif to class action lawsuits with potentially millions of class mem-bers. Investigations and regulatory enforcement matters involve both formal and informal proceedings, by both governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations.  
These legal proceedings are at varying stages of adjudica-tion, arbitration or investigation, and involve each of the Firm’s lines of business and several geographies and a wide variety of claims (including common law tort and con-tract claims and statutory antitrust, securities and con-sumer protection claims), some of which present novel legal theories. For further discussion, please refer to JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s publicly fled disclosures, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q fled with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at: https://jpmorgancha-seco.gcs-web.com/fnancial-information/sec-flings). Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
2-28 Membership associations 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 12–14, 58, 60)  
External memberships and commitments 
2-29 Approach to stakeholder  
engagement 
2022 ESG Report (p. 53–54) 
2-30 Collective bargaining  
agreements Note:  JPMorgan Chase supports employee rights and 
seeks to adhere to local laws regarding the freedom of association and collective employee action. We also have relationships with trade unions and work councils in the regions where we operate as well as through many of our vendors. Most JPMorgan Chase employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements and no U.S.- based employees are subject to collective bargaining agree-ments. JPMorgan Chase’s Code of Conduct sets forth the Firm’s expectations for each employee. The Code of Con-duct provides the principles that govern employee conduct with clients, customers, shareholders and one another, as well as with the markets and communities in which JPMor-gan Chase does business. Employees are encouraged to raise any concerns through multiple channels identifed in the Code of Conduct. 
GRI 3: MATERIAL TOPICS (2021) 
3-1 Process to determine material  
topics 
2022 ESG Report (p. 5) 
3-2 List of material topics 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 5, 65) 
3-3 Management approach Note:  Management of material topics is included in the rel-
evant topical standards below. 
GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 24–29, 30–37) 
Impact  
201-1 Direct economic value generated  
and distributed 
2022 ESG Report (p. 24–29, 30–37) 
201-2 Financial implications and other 
risks and opportunities due to  
climate change 
2022 Form 10-K (p. 8, 9, 13, 14, 25, 28)  
2022 ESG Report (p. 12–16) 
2022 Climate Report  (p. 45–52).  
201-3 Defned beneft plan obligations  
and other retirement plans 
2022 Form 10-K (p. 212–214) Indicator Disclosure Title S ource 
GRI 203: INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS (2016) 
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 24–29, 30–37) 
Impact 
203-1 Infrastructure investments and  
services supported 
2022 ESG Report (p. 24–29, 30–37) 
Impact 
203-2 Signifcant indirect economic  
impacts 
2022 ESG Report (p. 24–29, 30–37) 
Impact 
GRI 205: ANTI-CORRUPTION (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 Code of Conduct 
Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals Corporate Governance Principles 2022 ESG Report (p. 59–60) 
205-2 Communication and training  
about anti-corruption policies  
and procedures 
2022 ESG Report (p. 59–60) 
Note:  Employees are required to complete anti-corruption 
training. 
205-3 Confrmed incidents of corrup -
tion and actions taken 
2022 Form 10-K (Note 30 p. 283–286) 
Refer to the note on the Firm’s legal proceedings (GRI indi-
cator 2–27). 
GRI 206: ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 Code of Conduct 
2022 ESG Report (p. 59–60) 
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competi -
tive behavior, anti-trust, and  
monopoly practices 
2022 Form 10-K (Note 30 p. 283–286) 
Refer to the note on the Firm’s legal proceedings (GRI indi-cator 2–27). 
64 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
G
RI 302: ENERGY  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 18–21) 
302-1 Energy consumption within the  
organization 
2022 ESG Report (p. 18–21) 
Environmental Data 
302-4 Reduction of energy 
consumption 
2022 ESG Report (p. 18–21) 
Environmental Data 
GRI 303: WATER AND EFFLUENTS (2018)  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 22–23) 
303-3 Water withdrawal by source 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 22–23) 
Environmental Data 
GRI 304: BIODIVERSITY (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 12, 22–23, 70–71) 
304-2 Signifcant impacts of activities,  
products, and services on  
biodiversity 
2022 ESG Report (p. 12, 22–23, 70–71) 
GRI 305: EMISSIONS (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 18–21) 
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 18–21) 
Environmental Data 
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG  
emissions 
2022 ESG Report (p. 18–21) 
Environmental Data Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG  
emissions 
2022 ESG Report (p. 18–21) 
Environmental Data 
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 18–21) 
Environmental Data 
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 18–21)  
Environmental Data 
GRI 306: WASTE (2020)  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 22–23)  
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 22–23)  
Environmental Data 
GRI 307: ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE (2016) 
307-1 Non-compliance with environ -
mental laws and regulations 
2022 Form 10-K (Note 30 p. 283–286).  
Refer to the note on the Firm’s legal proceedings (GRI indi-
cator 2–27). 
GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 43–49) 
Careers 
401-2 Benefts provided to full-time 
employees that are not provided to  
temporary or part-time employees 
2022 ESG Report (p. 48–49)  Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
G
RI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 38–49, 57–59)  
404-2 Programs for upgrading  
employee skills and transition assistance programs 
2022 ESG Report (p. 31–32, 45–46)  
404-3 Percentage of employees receiv -
ing regular performance and  
career development reviews 
2022 ESG Report (p. 45)  
GRI 405: DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 
3-3 Management approach 
 Code of Conduct 
2022 ESG Report (p. 38–42) Diversity and Inclusion 
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies  
and employees 
2022 Form 10-K (p. 2) 2022 ESG Report (p. 38–42) 2023 Proxy Statement  (p. 12) 
Diversity and Inclusion 
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remu -
neration of women to men 
2022 ESG Report (p. 48) 
GRI 406: NON-DISCRIMINATION (2016) 
3-3 Management approach 
 Code of Conduct 2022 ESG Report (p. 38–42, 59) Human Rights Diversity and Inclusion 
GRI 409: FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOR (2016) 
3-3 Management approach 
 Human Rights 
2022 ESG Report (p. 70–71) 
65 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
GRI 412: HUMAN RIGHTS ASSESSMENT (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 56, 70–71) 
Human Rights Modern Slavery Act Statement Supplier Code of Conduct 
412-3 Signifcant investment agreements  
and contracts that include human  
rights clauses or that underwent  
human rights screening 
2022 ESG Report (p. 52, 56, 70–71) Human Rights Modern Slavery Act Statement 
GRI 413: LOCAL COMMUNITIES (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 Code of Conduct  
2022 ESG Report (p. 6–10, 30–49, 70–71) Impact 
413-1 Operations with local community 
engagement, impact assess -
ments, and development  
programs 
2022 ESG Report (p. 6–10, 30–49, 53–54) 
FS14 Initiatives to improve access to  
fnancial services for disadvan -
taged people 
2022 ESG Report (p. 6–10, 25–29, 40–42,  
44–49) 
Impact 
GRI 415: PUBLIC POLICY (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 55) 
Political Engagement and Public Policy  
Statement 
415-1 Political contributions 
 Political Engagement and Public Policy  
Statement Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
FINANCIAL SERVICES SECTOR SUPPLEMENT (2008) 
Product Portfolio 
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 6–10, 12–17, 30–49,  
70–71) 
Human Rights 
Impact 
FS1 Policies with specifc environ -
mental and social components 
applied to business lines 
2022 ESG Report (p.56, 59–60, 70–71) 
FS7 Monetary value of products and  
services designed to deliver spe -
cifc social beneft 
2022 ESG Report (p. 6–10, 30–49)  
Impact 
FS8 Monetary value of products and  
services designed to deliver spe -
cifc environmental beneft 
2022 ESG Report (p. 6–10, 13–17) 
Audit 
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 56, 70–71) 
FS-Audit Coverage and frequency of audits 
to assess implementation of envi-ronmental and social policies and risk assessment procedures 
2022 ESG Report (p. 56, 70–71) 
Active Ownership 
Voting policy(ies) applied to envi-ronmental or social issues for shares over which the reporting organization holds the right to vote shares or advises on voting 
Proxy Information Indicator Disclosure Title Source 
G
RI 417: MARKETING AND LABELING (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 2022 ESG Report (p. 60) 
Note:  Fair and transparent communications is an import-
ant marketing communications topic for JPMorgan Chase, 
which we discuss on page 60 of our ESG report. 
GRI 418: CUSTOMER PRIVACY (2016)  
3-3 Management approach 
 Code of Conduct 
2022 ESG Report (p. 57) Chase — Security Center J.P. Morgan—Privacy Policy 
418-1 Substantiated complaints con -
cerning breaches of customer pri-
vacy and losses of customer data Note:  It is JPMorgan Chase’s policy to follow U.S. and 
global laws regarding reporting breaches of customer 
data, including notices to individuals, regulators and other entities. In addition, JPMorgan Chase provides information regarding risks related to cybersecurity in its SEC flings. 
GRI 419: SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE (2016) 
3-3 Management approach 
 Code of Conduct 
2022 ESG Report (p. 51–52) 
419-1 Non-compliance with laws and  
regulations in the social and eco -
nomic area 
2022 Form 10-K 
Refer to the note on the Firm’s legal proceedings (GRI indi-cator 2–27). (Note 30 p. 283–286) 
66 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations Sustainability Accounting  
Standards Board Index 
The index below includes disclosures related to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) sector stan -
dards that are relevant to our business: Asset Management & Custody Activities; Commercial Banks; Consumer Finance;  
Investment Banking & Brokerage; and Mortgage Finance. Unless otherwise noted, all data and descriptions apply to our  
entire Firm and are as of or for the year ended December 31, 2022. For additional information about the Firm’s fnancial  
performance, please refer to the Firm’s quarterly earnings  materials as well as quarterly and annual reports on Form  
10-Q and Form 10-K , respectively. 
Source Key 
2022 Form 10-K  
Code of Conduct 
Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals 
Corporate Governance Principles 
2022 ESG Report 
2023 Proxy Statement 
Weblinks Metric Code Metric Source 
TOPICS IN MULTIPLE SECTOR STANDARDS 
TOPIC: BUSINESS ETHICS 
FN-AC-270a.2 
FN-AC-510a.1 FN-CB-510a.1 FN-CF-220a.2 FN-CF-270a.5 FN-IB-510a.1 FN-IB-510b.3 FN-MF-270a.3 FN-MF-270b.2 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of  
legal proceedings associated with: •  Marketing and communication of fnancial 
product-related information to new and  
returning customers 
•  Fraud, insider trading, anti-trust, anti-compet -
itive behavior, market manipulation, malprac -
tice or other related fnancial industry laws or regulations 
•  Customer privacy 
•  Selling and servicing of products 
•  Professional integrity, including duty of care 
•  Communications to customers or remunera -
tion of loan originators 
•  Discriminatory mortgage lending 
2022 Form 10–K (Note 30 p. 283–286) 
Note on the Firm’s legal proceedings: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and/or its sub-
sidiaries (collectively, the "frm") are defendants or putative defendants in 
numerous legal proceedings, including private civil litigations and regulatory/ government investigations. The litigations range from individual actions involving a single plaintif to class action lawsuits with potentially millions of class members and cover a wide range of issues. Investigations involve both formal and informal proceedings, by both governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations. These legal proceedings are at varying stages of adjudication, arbitration or investigation, and involve each of the frm's lines of business and geographies and a wide variety of claims (including com-mon law tort and contract claims and statutory antitrust, securities and con-sumer protection claims), some of which present novel legal theories. Based on current knowledge, the frm believes it has asserted meritorious defenses to the claims asserted against it in its currently outstanding legal proceed-ings, intends to defend itself vigorously in all such matters. For further discus-sion, please refer to JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s publicly fled disclosures, includ-ing its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q fled with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at: https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/fnancial-information/sec-flings). 
FN-AC-510a.2 
FN-CB-510a.2 FN-IB-510a.2 Description of whistleblower policies and  
procedures 
Code of Conduct 
2022 ESG Report (p. 59) 
TOPIC: DATA SECURITY 
FN-CB-230a.2 
FN-CF-230a.3 Description of approach to identifying and  
addressing data security risks 
2022 Form 10-K (p. 7, 143–144) 
2022 ESG Report (p. 57–58) 
67 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations Metric Code Metric Source 
TOPIC: EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION 
FN-AC-330a.1 
FN-IB-330a.1 Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group rep -
resentation for (1) executive management, (2)  
non-executive management, (3) professionals and  
(4) all other employees 
2022 ESG Report (p. 39) 
TOPIC: SYSTEMIC RISK MANAGEMENT 
FN-CB-550a.1 
FN-IB-550a.1 Global Systemically Important Bank (G-SIB) score,  
by category 
2022 Form 10-K ( p. 90) 
Banking Organization Systemic Risk Report (FR Y-15) 
FN-CB-550a.2 FN-IB-550a.2 Description of approach to incorporation of  
results of mandatory and voluntary stress tests  
into capital adequacy planning, long-term corpo -
rate strategy and other business activities 
2022 Form 10-K (p. 86–96) 
ASSET MANAGEMENT & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES 
TOPIC: TRANSPARENT INFORMATION & FAIR ADVICE FOR CUSTOMERS 
FN-AC-270a.3 Description of approach to informing customers  
about products and services 
2022 ESG Report (p. 6–10, 13–16) 
Client Service 
Business Principles 
TOPIC: INCORPORATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE FACTORS IN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT & ADVISORY FN-AC-410a.1 Amount of assets under management, by asset  
class, that employ (1) integration of environmen -
tal, social, and governance (ESG) issues, (2) sus -
tainability themed investing and (3) screening 
2022 ESG Report (p. 6–10, 13–16)  
Asset Management Sustainable Investing 
FN-AC-410a.2 Description of approach to incorporation of envi -
ro
nmental, social and governance (ESG) factors in  
investment and/or wealth management processes  
and strategies 
2022 ESG Report (p. 6–10, 13–16)  
Asset Management Investment Stewardship 
Wealth Management Sustainable Investing 
FN-AC-410a.3 Description of proxy voting and investee engage -
me
nt policies and procedures 
Proxy Information 
TOPIC: ACTIVITY METRICS FN-AC-000.A (1) Total registered and (2) total unregistered  
assets under management (AUM) 
2022 Form 10-K (p . 78) 
FN-AC-000.B Total assets under custody and supervision 
 2022 Form 10-K (p. 78) Metric Code Metric Source 
COMMERCIAL BANKS 
TOPIC: FINANCIAL INCLUSION & CAPACITY BUILDING 
FN-CB-240a.1 (1) Number and (2) amount of loans outstanding  
qualifed to programs designed to promote small  
business and community development 2022 Form 10-K (p. 48) 
2022 ESG Report (p. 33–34) 
FN-CB-240a.4 Number of participants in fnancial literacy  
initiatives for unbanked, underbanked or 
underserved customers 2022 ESG Report (p. 36) 
TOPIC: INCORPORATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE FACTORS IN CREDIT ANALYSIS 
FN-CB-410a.1 Commerc ial and industrial credit exposure,  
by industry 2022 Form 10-K (p. 192–193) 
FN-CB-410a.2 Description of approach to incorporation of  
e
nvironmental, social and governance (ESG)  
factors in credit analysis 2022 ESG Report (p. 13–16, 51–52, 56) Carbon Compass
SM methodology 
FN-CB-000.B (1) Number and (2) value of loans by segment: (a)  
p
ersonal, (b) small business and (c) corporate 2022 Form 10-K (Note 12 p. 225–241) 
CONSUMER FINANCE 
TOPIC: SELLING PRACTICES 
FN-CF-270a.1 Percentage of total remuneration for covered  
employees that is variable and linked to the  
amount of products and services sold Code of Conduct Corporate Governance Principles  (Section 5.4) 
2023 Proxy Statement (p. 36, 41) 
INVESTMENT BANKING & BROKERAGE 
TOPIC: INCORPORATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE FACTORS IN INVESTMENT BANKING & BROKERAGE ACTIVITIES 
FN-IB-410a.2 (1) Number and (2) total value of investments and  
loans incorporating integration of environmental,  
social and governance (ESG) factors, by industry 2022 ESG Report (p. 13–16, 51–52, 56) 
FN-IB-410a.3 Description of approach to incorporation of envi -
ronmental, social and governance (ESG) factors in  
investment banking and brokerage activities 2022 ESG Report (p. 13–16, 51–52, 56) Carbon Compass
SM methodology 
68 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations Metric Code Metric So urce 
TOPIC: PROFESSIONAL INTEGRITY 
FN-IB-510b.4 Description of approach to ensuring professional  
integrity, including duty of care 
Code of Conduct 
Code of Ethics for Finance Professionals 
2022 ESG Report (p. 59–60) 
Confict of Interest Policy 
TOPIC: EMPLOYEE INCENTIVES & RISK TAKING FN-IB-550b.3 Discussion of policies around supervision, control  
and validation of traders’ pricing of Level 3 assets
and liabilities  
2022 Form 10-K (p. 81–84, 148, Note 2 167–187) 
2023 Proxy Statement (p. 41) 
MORTGAGE FINANCE 
TOPIC: DISCRIMINATORY LENDING 
FN-MF-270b.1 (1) Number, (2) value and (3) weighted average  
Loan-to-Value (LTV) ratio of mortgages issued to  
(a) minority and (b) all other borrowers, by FICO  
scores above and below 660 
2022 Form 10-K (Note 12, p. 225–241) 
FN-MF-270b.3 Description of policies and procedures for ensur -
ing nondiscriminatory mortgage origination 
Fair Lending Overview 
TOPIC: ACTIVITY METRICS FN-MF-000.A (1) Number and (2) value of mortgages originated  
by category: (a) residential and (b) commercial 
2022 Form 10-K (p. 66, footnote e) 
69 
 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations Prohibited Activities and Sensitive Sectors Activities and Locations 
The following lists of prohibited activities and sensitive sectors, activities and locations are non-exhaustive and relate to the environment and human rights, including modern slavery and child labor. We prohibit other sectors and activities and/or subject  
them to escalation for enhanced review. 
The information provided in this appendix refects JPMorgan Chase’s approach to certain clients and transactions as at April 19, 2023, and is subject to change without notice. We do not undertake to update any of such information. 
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES 
The following section outlines activities we prohibited: •  Modern Slavery and Child Labor: We will not provide fnancial services to clients where there is evidence of forced  
labor, harmful child labor, human trafcking or modern slavery. 
•  World Heritage Sites: We will not provide project fnancing or other forms of asset-specifc fnancing where the  
proceeds will be used to develop within UNESCO World Heritage sites, unless there is prior consensus from both  
the host government authorities and UNESCO that such operations will not adversely afect the Outstanding Uni -
versal Value of the site. 
•  Coal Mining:  
•  Prohibition on development of greenfeld coal mines: We will not provide project fnancing or other forms of  
asset-specifc fnancing where the proceeds will be used to develop a greenfeld coal mine or expansion of an  
existing coal mine. 
•  Prohibition on fnancing for coal mining clients: We will not provide fnancial services to clients deriving the  
majority of their revenues from the extraction of coal. By the end of 2024, we will also phase out our remain -
ing credit exposure to such clients. 
•  Prohibition on fnancing to clients involved in mountaintop mining: We will not provide fnancial services to  
coal mining clients involved in mountaintop mining.  •  Coal-fred power generation: 
•  P 
rohibition on fnancing of new coal-fred power plants: We will not provide project fnancing or other forms of  
asset-specifc fnancing where the proceeds will be used to develop a greenfeld coal-fred power plant or the  
expansion and/or refnancing of an existing coal-fred power plant. Coal-fred power plants utilizing carbon  
capture and sequestration technology will be considered on a case-by-case basis. 
•  The Arctic48: We w
ill not provide project fnance or other forms of asset-specifc fnancing where the proceeds will  
be used for new upstream, midstream or downstream greenfeld oil and gas development in the Arctic, including  
the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. 
•  Illegal logging: We will not provide fnancial services to clients where there is evidence of illegal logging. 
•  I
llegal wildlife trafcking: We will not provide fnancial services to clients where there is evidence of illegal wildlife  
trafcking. 
•  Uncontrolled fre: We will not provide fnancial services to clients where there is evidence of intentional burning of  
tropical rainforest and/or peatlands for agricultural purposes. 
48  For prohibitions, JPMorgan Chase utilizes a defnition based on a 10°C July Isotherm boundary, meaning the area does not experience temperatures above 10° C. 
70 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations SENSITIVE SECTORS, ACTIVITIES AND LOCATIONS REQUIRING ENHANCED REVIEW 
The following are examples of sectors, activities and locations we consider sensitive or in need of enhanced review to  
facilitate a comprehensive understanding of the transaction and associated risks.  
•  Oil Sands: Clients involved in oil sands. 
•  Coal Mining: Clients involved in coal mining. 
•  Coal-fred Power Generation: Clients with operations involving coal fred power. 
•  Large Hydroelectric Power Generation: Clients involved in hydroelectric power (>20MW plants). 
•  Agriculture: 
•  Palm oil: Clients involved in production, refning or trading of palm oil.49 
•  Growers/producers (plantations and mills): We require Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (“RSPO”) mem -
bership and their adoption of a No Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation (“NDPE”) Policy. We require  
RSPO certifcation or a time bound plan to achieve certifcation within a reasonable timeframe.  
•  Refneries: We require RSPO membership and the adoption of a NDPE Policy, along with a RSPO certifca -
tion or a time bound plan to achieve certifcation within a reasonable timeframe. We also require a chain  
of custody certifcation.  
•  Traders: We expect RSPO membership, along with a sustainable sourcing policy that includes a target to  
achieve 100% RSPO certifed sourcing, and a RSPO chain of custody certifcation.  •  Soy: Non-U.S. clients involved in production, refning or trading of soy.50 
•  Growers/producers (non-U.S.): We require Roundtable on Responsible Soy (“RTRS”) certifcation. 
•  Processors/traders (purchasing non-U.S. soy): We expect sustainable sourcing policies in place and a RTRS  
chain of custody certifcation. 
•  Forestry and logging: Clients involved in forestry and logging. •  Growers/producers: We require Forest Stewardship Council (“FSC”) certifcation or equivalent (e.g., Sus -
tainable Forestry Initiative (“SFI”), or Program for the Endorsement of Forest Certifcation (“PEFC”)). 
•  Pellets pulp and paper: We expect adoption of a sustainable sourcing policy and chain of custody  
certifcation. 
•  Cattle: Non-U.S. clients involved in the rearing of cattle or processing of beef products. 
•  Cocoa: Clients involved in the production, processing or trading of cocoa products.
51 
•  Locations: •  The Arctic
52 
•  UNESCO World Heritage Sites, UNESCO Man and the Biosphere Reserves, and Ramsar Sites •  Legally protected areas, e.g. a national park 
•  Habitats of biodiversity importance
53 
49  Does not include fast moving consumer goods (“FMCG”) manufacturers and retailers selling products containing palm oil. 
50  Does not include FMCG manufacturers or retailers selling products containing soy. 
51  Does not include FMCG manufacturers and retailers selling products containing cocoa. 
52  For the broader Arctic region, JPMorgan Chase utilizes the defnition according to the Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Programme. 
53  May include habitats with signifcant importance to certain species (e.g., threatened, endemic, or restricted-range species); and/or certain ecosystems (e.g., highly threatened, unique or support globally signifcant concentrations of migratory or congregatory species). 
71 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE 
APPENDICES 
List of Acronyms 
Global Reporting Initiative Index Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board Index 
Prohibited Activities and Sensitive 
Sectors Activities and Locations   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contact Us 
To contact Sustainability, email sustainability.jpmc@jpmchase.com . 
To contact Investor Relations, email JPMCinvestorrelations@jpmchase.com . 
Information about J.P. Morgan’s capabilities can be found at jpmorgan.com and about Chase’s capabilities at chase.com. 
Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at jpmorganchase.com . 
“JPMorgan C  hase,” “J.P. M  organ,” “Chase,” the Octagon symbol and other words or symbols in this report that identify  
JPMorgan C  hase services are service marks of JPMorgan C  hase & C   o. Other words or symbols in this report that iden -
tify other parties’ goods or services may be trademarks or service marks of those other parties. 
DISCLAIMERS 
The information provided in this report refects JPMorgan Chase’s approach to ESG as at the date of this report and is subject to change without notice. We do not undertake to update any of such information in this report. Any references to “sustainable investing”, “sustainable 
investments”, “ESG” or similar terms in this report are intended as references to the internally defned criteria of the Firm or our businesses only, as applicable, and not to any jurisdiction-specifc regulatory defnition. 
Our approach to inclusion of disclosures in this report is informed by the Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI") and relevant Sector Standards, and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") reporting standards and is diferent from disclosures included in mandatory 
regulatory reporting, including under Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) regulations. While this report describes events, including potential future events, that may be signifcant, any signifcance does not necessarily equate to the level of materiality of disclosures required under U.S. federal securities laws. This report is not intended to, nor can it be relied on, to create legal relations, rights or obligations. 
This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to, among other things, our goals, commitments, targets, aspirations, approaches, and objectives, and are based on the current 
beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to signifcant risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond JPMorgan Chase’s control. Expected results or actions may difer from the anticipated goals, approaches, and targets set forth in the for -
ward-looking statements. Factors that could cause JPMorgan Chase’s actual results to difer materially from those described in the forward-looking statements include the necessity of technological advancements, the evolution of consumer behavior, the need for thoughtful cli -
mate polices, the potential impact of legal and regulatory obligations, and the challenge of balancing our commitment to short-term targets with the need to facilitate an orderly and just transition and energy security. Additional factors can be found in JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K fled with the SEC. Those reports are available on JPMorgan Chase’s website ( https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/ir/sec-other-flings/overview ) and on the Securities and Exchange Com -
mission’s website ( https://www.sec.gov/). JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. 
This report does not include all applicable terms or issues and is not intended as an ofer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any fnancial instrument or as an ofcial confrmation of any transaction or a recommendation for any investment product or strategy. Any and all transactions (including potential transactions) presented herein are for illustration purposes only. This material does not and should not be deemed to constitute an advertisement or marketing of the Firm’s products and/or services or an advertisement to the public. 
No reports, documents or websites that are cited or referred to in this document shall be deemed to form part of this report. Information contained in this report has been obtained from sources, including those publicly available, believed to be reliable, but no representation or 
warranty is made by JPMorgan Chase as to the quality, completeness, accuracy, ftness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of such information. Sources of third-party information referred to herein retain all rights with respect to such data and use of such data by JPMorgan Chase herein shall not be deemed to grant a license to any third party. The use of any third-party trademarks or brand names is for informational purposes only and does not imply an endorsement by JPMorgan Chase or that such trademark owner has authorized JPMorgan Chase to promote its products or services. 