




















 © Sustainalytics 2020    Second-Party Opinion Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework  Evaluation Summary Sustainalytics  is  of  the  opinion  that  the  Alphabet  Sustainability  Bond  Framework  is credible and impactful and aligns  with the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018. This assessment is based on the following:    USE OF PROCEEDS The eligible categories for the use of proceeds Energy  Efficiency,  Clean  Energy,  Green  Buildings,  Clean Transportation,  Circular  Economy  and  Design,  Affordable  Housing, Commitment  to  Racial  Equity,  Support  for  Small  Businesses  and COVID-19 Crisis Response, are aligned with those recognized by both the Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles. Sustainalytics considers  that  the  eligible  categories  will  lead  to  positive environmental  or  social  impacts  and  advance  the  UN  Sustainable Development Goals, specifically SDG 1, 3, 4, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, and 15.  PROJECT EVALUATION / SELECTION Alphabet Inc. has formed an internal committee with representatives from different departments for  evaluating  and  selecting  projects  and  the  final  approval responsibility  is  entrusted  with  the  Google  Sustainability  Officer. Sustainalytics considers the project selection process to be aligned with market practice.  MANAGEMENT  OF  PROCEEDS  Alphabet  will  rely  on  its  internal tracking systems managed by the Finance department and invest net proceeds  in  liquid  securities  such  as  cash,  equivalents,  and  US Government securities pending allocation. This is in line with market practice.  REPORTING Alphabet Inc. intends to report allocation proceeds on its  website  on  an  annual  basis  until  full  allocation.  The  report  will include  allocations  made  towards  Eligible  Projects  on  a  category basis and, where feasible, on a project basis. In addition, Alphabet Inc. is committed to reporting on relevant impact metrics. Sustainalytics views Alphabet Inc.’s allocation and impact reporting as aligned with market practice.    Evaluation date July 31, 2020 Issuer Location Mountain View, California, United States  Report Sections   Introduction  2 Sustainalytics’ Opinion  3 Appendices  13   For  inquiries,  contact  the  Sustainable Finance Solutions project team: Zach Margolis (Toronto)  Project Manager zach.margolis@sustainalytics.com (+1) 647 695 4341 Jhankrut Shah (Toronto) Project Support jhankrut.shah@sustainalytics.com (+1) 647 264 6641 Katherine Jacome (Toronto) Project Support Katherine.jacome@sustainalytics.com (+1) 647 265 0835 Paramjot Kaur (New York) Client Relations susfinance.americas@sustainalytics.com (+1) 646 518 9623         
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     2    Introduction Alphabet  Inc.  (“Alphabet”  or  the  “Issuer”)  is  an  American  internet  software  and services  company  known primarily as the parent company of Google (together with Alphabet, the “Company”). Founded in 2015 as a result of corporate restructuring, Alphabet is one of the world’s largest technology firms as well as among the most valuable public companies.  The Company has developed the Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework (the “Framework”) under which it intends to issue sustainability bond(s) and use the proceeds to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, existing and future projects that improve the environmental performance of the Company’s operations and supports positive social outcomes in communities in which the Company operates (“Eligible Projects”). The Framework defines eligibility criteria in eight areas: 1.  Energy Efficiency 2.  Clean Energy 3.  Green Buildings 4.  Clean Transportation 5.  Circular Economy and Design 6.  Affordable Housing 7.  Commitment to Racial Equity 8.  Support for Small Businesses and COVID-19 Crisis Response  The Company engaged Sustainalytics to review the Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework, dated 2020, and provide a second-party opinion on the Framework’s environmental and social credentials and its alignment with  the  Sustainability  Bond  Guidelines  2018  (SBG).1  This  Framework  has  been  published  in  a  separate document.2 Scope of work and limitations of Sustainalytics’ Second-Party Opinion Sustainalytics’ Second-Party Opinion reflects Sustainalytics’ independent3 opinion on the alignment of  the reviewed Framework with the current market standards and the extent to which the eligible categories are credible and impactful. As part of the Second-Party Opinion, Sustainalytics assessed the following: ●  The Framework’s alignment with the Green Bond Principles 2018, Social Bond Principles 2020, and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018, as administered by ICMA; ●  The credibility and anticipated positive impacts of the use of proceeds; ●  The alignment of the issuer’s sustainability strategy, sustainability performance, and sustainability risk management in relation to the use of proceeds. For  the  use  of  proceeds  assessment, Sustainalytics  relied  on  its  internal  taxonomy,  version  1.4,  which  is informed by market practice and Sustainalytics’ expertise as an Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) research provider. As  part  of  this  engagement,  Sustainalytics  held  conversations  with  various  members  of  the  Company’s management team to understand the sustainability impact of their business processes and planned use of proceeds,  as  well  as  management  of  proceeds  and  reporting  aspects  of  the  Framework.  The  Company representatives have confirmed (1) they understand it is the sole responsibility of the Company to ensure that the information provided is complete, accurate or up to date; (2) that they have provided Sustainalytics with all relevant information and (3) that any provided material information has been duly disclosed in a timely manner. Sustainalytics also reviewed relevant public documents and non-public information.  1 The Sustainability Bond Guidelines are administered by the International Capital Market Association and are available at https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/sustainability-bond-guidelines-sbg/ 2 The Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework is available on Alphabet Inc.’s website at: https://abc.xyz/investor/static/pdf/SustainabilityBondFramework2020.pdf 3 When operating multiple lines of business that serve a variety of client types, objective research is a cornerstone of Sustainalytics and ensuring analyst independence is paramount to producing objective, actionable research. Sustainalytics has therefore put in place a robust conflict management framework that specifically addresses the need for analyst independence, consistency of process, structural separation of commercial and research (and engagement) teams, data protection and systems separation. Last but not the least, analyst compensation is not directly tied to specific commercial outcomes. One of Sustainalytics’ hallmarks is integrity, another is transparency. 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     3    This document contains Sustainalytics’ opinion of the Framework and should be read in conjunction with that Framework. Any  update  of  the  present  Second-Party  Opinion  will  be  conducted  according  to  the  agreed  engagement conditions between Sustainalytics and the Company. Sustainalytics’  Second-Party  Opinion,  while  reflecting  on  the  alignment  of  the  Framework  with  market standards, is no guarantee of alignment nor warrants any alignment with future versions of relevant market standards. Furthermore, Sustainalytics’ Second-Party Opinion addresses the anticipated impacts of eligible projects  expected  to  be  financed  with  bond  proceeds  but  does  not  measure  the  actual  impact.  The measurement and reporting of the impact achieved through projects financed under the Framework is the responsibility of the Framework owner.  In addition, the Second-Party Opinion opines on the intended allocation of proceeds but does not guarantee the realised allocation of the bond proceeds towards eligible activities. No information provided by Sustainalytics under the present Second-Party  Opinion shall be  considered as being a statement, representation, warrant or argument either in favour or against, the truthfulness, reliability or completeness of any facts or statements and related surrounding circumstances that Alphabet has made available to Sustainalytics for the purpose of this SPO.   Sustainalytics’ Opinion Section 1: Sustainalytics’ Opinion on the Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework Sustainalytics is of the opinion that the Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework is credible, impactful and aligns with the four core components of the Green Bond Principles 2018 (GBP) and Social Bond Principles 2020 (SBP). Sustainalytics highlights the following elements of Alphabet’s Sustainability Bond Framework: ●  Use of Proceeds:  -  The  eligible  green  categories  –  Energy  Efficiency,  Clean  Energy,  Green  Buildings,  Clean Transportation, and Circular Economy and Design – are aligned with those recognized by the GBP and the eligible social categories   – Affordable Housing, Racial Equity, and Support for Small Businesses and COVID-19 Response – are aligned with those recognized by the SBP.  -  For the Energy Efficiency category, Google intends to finance expenditures in energy-efficient Information  Technology  (IT)  facilities  and  infrastructure,  including  data  centers,  as  well  as server, storage, or networking efficiency and utilization.  ▪  Eligible data centres are defined as those with a Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) less than  1.5,  which  Sustainalytics  considers  to  be  aligned  with  market  practice. Sustainalytics notes positively that Google has a sound history of operating energy-efficient data centres with a portfolio average PUE of less than 1.5 since 2008 across all  locations  globally  and,  in  the  most  recent  quarter,  reported  an  average  trailing twelve-month PUE of 1.11.4 ▪  Regarding  expenditures  related  to  “server,  storage,  or  networking  efficiency  and utilization”, Sustainalytics considers the financing of specific projects with anticipated energy efficiency improvements to be aligned with market expectation and encourages Alphabet to prioritize projects with quantifiable energy performance benefits. -  For  the  Clean  Energy  category,  the  Company  may  finance  expenditures in renewable energy projects namely Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), on-site renewables, or equity investment commitments in renewable energy projects.   4 Google website, Data Centers: Efficiency https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/efficiency/ 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     4    ▪  Sustainalytics views  solar, wind, hydro,5 geothermal,6 and biomass7 with the criteria included in the Framework to be aligned with market practice. ▪  PPAs  financed  will  be  long-term  and  tied  to  specific  projects,  which  Sustainalytics considers to be in line with market expectations. Sustainalytics further notes that each project must also meet Google’s criteria of additionality.8 -  For  the  Green  Buildings  category,  Google  intends  to  finance  the  design,  construction,  and improvement of office spaces and surrounding communities, including investments in: ▪  Office  buildings  with  third-party  sustainability  certifications  such  as  LEED  or  Living Building Challenge. Sustainalytics considers the schemes cited to be credible and the levels selected (LEED Gold and higher) to be robust. Refer to Appendix 1 for information on certification schemes. ▪  Design  and  implementation  of  projects  under  Google’s  Ecology  Program,  which focuses  on  expanding  wildlife  habitat,  creating  climate-resilient  landscapes,  and restoring ecological functions lost due to urban development. Since the launch of the program in 2014, Google has completed two projects while one is currently underway.9 -  For  the  Clean  Transportation  category,  Alphabet  may  finance  expenditures  related  to procurement,  maintenance  and  operation  of  electric  vehicles  and  bicycles  and  associated infrastructure  including  EV  charging  stations  and  bike  sharing  programs.  Sustainalytics considers  the  financing  of  electrified  and  active  transportation  to  be  aligned  with  market practice. -  Within the Circular Economy and Design category, Google intends on financing projects focused on  increasing  use  of  recycled  and  sustainable  materials  (such  as  in  consumer  hardware devices), increasing the supply of more sustainable materials, and reducing waste generation from  the  construction  and  operation  of  its  facilities.10  Sustainalytics  views  end-of-life management and energy/emissions intensity to  be key considerations related to sustainable materials,  and  overall  views positively the  Framework’s  intentions  in  these  areas,  noting the importance of recycled materials as part of a transition to a circular economy. ▪  The  Issuer  has  disclosed  its  current  focus  on  expanding  the  use  of  post-consumer recycled (PCR) plastic in consumer hardware devices. By using recycled plastic in its products, Google is both able to reduce its need for virgin plastics, as well as make use of existing PCR materials. It is highlighted in particular that the utilization of recycled plastic in consumer durables extends the material lifecycle, and therefore poses a less severe end-of-life management challenge. -  Within the Affordable Housing category, Google intends to finance the cost of land and financial investments in affordable housing. These investments form part of a plan to create 20,000 new homes in the Bay Area region.11 ▪  In addition to providing financial support through an investment fund, Google intends to repurpose existing land owned by Google for the purpose of construction of market rate  and  affordable  housing  units.  This  may  be  carried  out  through  long-term  land leases  or  occasionally  through  outright  transfers.  The  Company  may  also  explore participation models, but overall does not intend to be the primary operator of housing projects. Sustainalytics recognizes that the provision of land for affordable housing is an  important  part  of  developing  new  housing  units,  and  therefore  considers  this category to have positive social impacts. ▪  The  Issuer  has  specified  that  its  plan  is  to  support  housing  available  to  a  range of incomes  levels,  focused  primarily  on  those  earning less than 120%  of  Area Median  5 The Framework specifies that only facilities under 20MW in size are eligible. Sustainalytics views restriction on maximum capacity to be aligned with market practice. 6 The Framework specifies that only facilities with direct emissions of less than 100g CO2/kWh are eligible. This threshold is aligned with those defined by the Climate Bonds Initiative and the EU Taxonomy for Sustainable Finance. 7 The Framework specifies that waste feedstock utilized in biomass energy plants will neither be derived from sources of high biodiversity nor deplete carbon pools. Sustainalytics considers this to be aligned with market practice. 8 The Company defines “additionality” as meaning two things: First, the Company seeks to purchase energy only from newly constructed generation facilities or expansion of existing projects and second, these facilities must produce renewable energy above and beyond regulatory requirement (e.g. state Renewable Portfolio Standards). For more detail refer to: https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-sustainability.appspot.com/pdf/renewable-energy.pdf 9 For details on the projects undertaken since the launch of the program in 2014, see: https://sustainability.google/projects/urban-ecology 10 These expenditures are a part of Google’s commitment to reduce waste from its operations and include recycled material in all Made by Google products by 2022. 11 Google website: Company Announcements, “$1 billion for 20,000 Bay Area homes”, published July 2019 at: https://blog.google/inside-google/company-announcements/1-billion-investment-bay-area-housing/?_ga=2.155395000.248115741.1594171932-715083871.1587163224 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     5    Income (AMI). While purely  affordable housing often focuses on 80%  AMI  or lower, given the high cost of housing in the Bay Area as well as the associated severity of the housing crisis and the lack of workforce housing, Sustainalytics recognizes the social benefit of this approach. ▪  Sustainalytics notes that  Google’s commitments towards addressing the  affordable housing crisis in California are aligned with the Governor’s call to corporate leaders in November 2019 to help address the issue of workforce housing.  -  Recognizing the systemic barriers and disadvantages often faced by the Black+ community, as part of the Commitment to Racial Equity category, Google intends to finance initiatives, including      participation  in  capital  firms,  and  partnerships  that  directly  or  indirectly  support  small  and medium business12 with Black owners and communities, startup-founders, job seekers, creators and developers. Sustainalytics considers, broadly, the variety of expenditures contemplated by the  Framework  to  be  aligned  with  the  SBP  category  of  Socioeconomic  Advancement  and Empowerment.  ▪  Proceeds from the sustainability bond may be allocated to financing      and funding participation  for  small  businesses  serving  the  Black  community  and  for  Black-led startups. Sustainalytics considers this financing to be aligned with market practice in providing positive impact for a target population.  ▪  Proceeds  may  also  be  allocated  to  programs  which  provide  job  training,  skills development, and access to opportunities for target populations. In addition, Google has established the YouTube Black Creators Fund,13 which may be financed in part by bond proceeds, and is intended to provide a platform to showcase Black creators and perspectives. Sustainalytics anticipates that these initiatives will deliver positive social impacts, and therefore  considers them to be aligned with market practice, noting in particular that Black Creators fund will provide benefits both directly for the creators whose work is amplified, as well as by bringing to the forefront important perspectives on racial issues. ▪  In addition to directly funding startups and small businesses, the Framework allows for financing of Black-led ‘capital firms’ that invest in startups and small businesses with growth potential. While the financing of large firms is not generally in line with market practice, Sustainalytics recognizes that the financing provided will enhance the access to capital for entrepreneurs and the startup ecosystem, as well as the barriers faced by members of the Black community, especially as it relates to tech and finance and the importance of promoting diversity in leadership roles. Furthermore, while it  is noted positively  that  the  intent  of  this  initiative  is  to  provide  greater  opportunities  for individuals who have historically faced barriers to venture capital, participation in Black-led  capital  firms  does  not  by  definition  provide  assurances  of  this  outcome,  and Sustainalytics therefore encourages participation in firms with a stated mandate in this area.  ▪  Sustainalytics views positively that activities within this category will be delivered in partnership with  credible organizations such as the Opportunity Finance Network,  a network  of  Community  Development  Financial  Institutions  focused  on  lending  to markets that are not well-banked by the conventional financial system.       -  Within  the  category  of  Support  for  Small  Businesses  &  COVID-19  Crisis  Response,  Google intends on extending support to Small- and Medium-sized Business (SMBs) affected by COVID-19, as well as health organizations, governments, and  health workers at the  front line  of the pandemic. Investments may include      an SMB loan fund to improve access to capital.  ▪  Sustainalytics  notes  that  SMBs  have  been  affected  by  the  economic  recession triggered by COVID-19 and considers Google’s efforts to help mitigate these effects to have positive social outcomes.  ▪  Sustainalytics  recognizes  the  expected  positive  impact  of  Google  supporting  and subsidizing  the  dissemination  of  critical  information  from  health  organizations  and local governments. ●  Project Evaluation and Selection:   12 The Company defines small and medium businesses based on spending thresholds, which aligns with the internal sales teams which serve the market segment. 13 YouTube Official Blog, Susan Wojcicki: My mid-year update to the YouTube community, published June 2020 at: https://youtube.googleblog.com/2020/06/susan-wojcicki-mid-year-update-2020.html 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     6    -  Alphabet has formed a committee comprising members from its Sustainability, Treasury, and Finance teams who shall be responsible for assessment and selection of projects in accordance with the Framework. -  The  Company’s  Sustainability  Officer  is  responsible  for  final  review  and  approval  of  Eligible Projects. -  Sustainalytics  considers  the  Company’s  well-defined  process  and  committee  for  project evaluation and selection to be aligned with market practice. ●  Management of Proceeds: -  Proceeds will be tracked by the Company’s existing internal tracking systems that are managed by the Finance department. -  Pending allocation, net proceeds will be held in liquid securities such as cash, equivalents, and U.S. Government securities.  -  Based on the presence of internal tracking systems and disclosure on temporary allocation of proceeds, Sustainalytics considers this process to be in line with market practice. ●  Reporting: -  Alphabet intends on reporting on allocations made towards Eligible Projects on a category basis and,  where  feasible,  on  a  project  basis,  annually  until  full  allocation.  This  report  will  be accompanied  with  a  Management  assertion  regarding  allocations  to  Eligible  Projects  and  a report from a third-party providing assurance that allocations have been made in compliance with the Framework. -  The report will also include disclosure on relevant quantitative impact metrics for each category that Google has defined in the Framework. -  Based  on  Alphabet’s  commitment  to  allocation  and  impact  reporting  on  an  annual  basis, Sustainalytics considers this process to be in line with market practice. Alignment with Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018 Sustainalytics has determined that the Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework aligns to the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2018), and to four core components of the Green Bond Principles (2018) and Social Bond Principles (2020).  For detailed  information  please  refer  to  Appendix  2:  Sustainability  Bond/  Sustainability Bond Programme External Review Form.  Section 2: Sustainability Strategy of Alphabet Contribution of Framework to Alphabet Inc.’s sustainability strategy Google has a robust sustainability strategy, in addition to a history of setting and achieving key targets for climate action. The following indicative list of projects demonstrates Google’s track record of performance and commitments related to the environmental and social areas outlined in the Use of Proceeds section of the Framework. -  Google  is  the  world’s  largest  corporate  purchaser  of  renewable  energy.  It  has  a  history  of facilitating  capital  inflows  to  the  renewable  energy  sector,  and  has  made  noteworthy contributions to developing industry best practices such as innovative models for purchasing power  from  renewable  sources.  At  an  operational  level,  in  2018,  Google  reached  twelve consecutive years of carbon neutrality and in 2019, its third consecutive year of matching 100% of  its  electricity  consumption  with  an  equivalent  purchase  of  energy  from  renewable sources.14,15 -  In September 2019, Google announced a landmark deal to purchase 1.6 GW of renewable energy capacity  from  18  renewable  energy  projects  in  the  U.S.,  Chile,  and  Europe.  The  deal  will reportedly  drive  investments  of  over  $2  billion  in  construction  of  new  renewable  energy infrastructure.16  14 Google website, Google Environment Report 2019, published September 2019 at: http://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/google_2019-environmental-report.pdf 15 Google website: Data Centers and Infrastructure, “Our data centers now work harder when the sub shines and the wind blows” published April 2020 at: https://www.blog.google/inside-google/infrastructure/data-centers-work-harder-sun-shines-wind-blows/ 16 Google website: Sustainability, “Our biggest renewable energy purchase ever”, published September 2019 at: https://www.blog.google/outreach-initiatives/sustainability/our-biggest-renewable-energy-purchase-ever/ 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     7    -  Since  2010,  Google  has  committed  to  invest  nearly  $2.5  billion  in  equity  commitments  for renewable energy projects. Through targeted investments  in such projects, Google takes the positive  environmental  impact  associated  with  renewable  energy  beyond  its  operational footprint  and  enables  climate  action  through  deployment  of  large-scale  renewable  energy projects and residential solar rooftop funds.17 -  Google effectively deploys tools and technologies such as advanced cooling techniques, smart temperature controls,  and machine learning to improve energy efficiency at its  data centers. Currently, Google’s data centers use about six times less overhead energy (for lighting, cooling, and power distribution) than the industry average and are twice as energy efficient as a typical enterprise data center.18 -  Google continues to integrate its commitment to reduce waste into its business and has set a target of including recycled material in all Made by Google products by 2022. Google already includes recycled plastic in its 2019 Nest product line and is a technology partner for the Ellen MacArthur  Foundation’s  New  Plastics  Economy  Initiative,  which  brings  together  over  850 businesses, governments, and organizations behind a common vision for a circular economy for plastic.19 -  In June 2019, Google committed $1 billion towards developing 20,000 homes in the Bay Area to be  deployed  over  the  next  10  years  by  repurposing  $750  million  of  company-owned  land originally held for office space, and making a $250 million investment commitment to provide incentives for housing developers to build affordable housing units.20 -  Google  made  strong  commitments  to  racial  equity,  including  a  goal  of  a  30%  increase  in underrepresented  groups  in  leadership  positions,  improving  its  internal  hiring  policies  to eliminate  racial  bias,  and  supporting  initiatives  for  the  well-being  of  its  Black+  employees. Beyond its operations, Google announced a $175 million commitment focused on promoting economic opportunities for Black business owners and businesses serving Black communities, Black  startup  founders,  job  seekers,  and  developers.  This  is  in  addition  to  YouTube’s  $100 million fund to amplify Black content creators and artists.21 -  In response to the economic crisis triggered by COVID-19, Google announced an $800 million commitment to help SMBs, health organizations and governments, and health workers. These initiatives have been highlighted in the Framework.  Based  on  demonstrated  commitments  and  success  of  programs  enlisted  above,  Sustainalytics  is  of  the opinion that the Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework is aligned with the Company’s overall sustainability strategy and will further the Company’s action on its key environmental and social priorities. Well positioned to address common environmental and social risks associated with the projects  While Alphabet’s use of proceeds categories are intended to finance green and/or social projects that are anticipated  to  have  overall  positive  impacts, Sustainalytics recognizes  that  there  exist  environmental and social risks which could be associated with the financing provided. Some key environmental and social risks associated with the eligible projects could include occupational health and safety, land use and biodiversity issues  associated  with  large-scale  infrastructure  development,  waste  generated  in  construction  and manufacturing, and ensuring appropriate targeting of social programs outlined in the Framework. Although Alphabet  has  a  limited  role  to  play  in  the  execution  and  development  in  some  of  the  individual  projects financed, Sustainalytics considers the following mechanisms that the Company has devised and placed to be adequate to mitigate these concerns: -  The  Google  Code  of  Conduct  delineates  responsibility  to  all  its  employees  to  operate  with integrity, understand and operate in compliance with key legal requirements and prohibitions, and preserve company and partner information confidentiality.   17 Google website: Google Environmental Report 2019, page 29 18 Google website: Google Environmental Report 2019, pages 19-20  19 Google website: Sustainability, “Uniting to address plastic waste and pollution”, published December 2019 at: https://www.blog.google/outreach-initiatives/sustainability/uniting-address-plastic-waste-and-pollution/ 20 Google website: Company Announcements, “$1 billion for 20,000 Bay Area homes”, published July 2019 at: https://blog.google/inside-google/company-announcements/1-billion-investment-bay-area-housing/?_ga=2.155395000.248115741.1594171932-715083871.1587163224 21 Google website: A message from our CEO, “Our commitments to racial equality”, published June 2020 at: https://blog.google/inside-google/company-announcements/commitments-racial-equity/ 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     8    -  Google  expects all its suppliers to  comply with its Supplier Code of Conduct, which requires suppliers  to  incorporate  health  and  safety  management  requirements  into  their  business practices and comply with all applicable laws and regulations.  -  The Supplier Code of Conduct also requires suppliers to strive to minimize adverse effects on the community, environment and natural resources by mandating them to obtain all applicable environmental permits and approvals, and to follow operational and reporting requirements. -  Suppliers  are  also  required to  identify  and manage  chemicals  and other materials that  pose hazard to the environment, and ensure safe handling, use, storage and disposal. Suppliers must work to reduce and eliminate waste of all types and where it cannot be eliminated, manage and control  all  waste  streams  in  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and  in  an  environmentally responsible way. -  Google is analyzing its internal people and talent processes, and is committed to redesigning them to eliminate any racial biases through cross-functional employee engagement groups and feedback from employees belonging to minority groups. -  Google continues to establish training modules that delve into details about systemic racism and inequalities and is integrating such programs into the mandatory training requirements for managerial employees. -  Specifically for affordable housing, Google recognizes the severity of the problem and its impact beyond  its  employees  as  well  as  the  tech  community.  Investments  within  this  category  are targeted  at  populations  defined  by  sector-agnostic  criteria  of  income  levels  and  are supplemented with collaboration across businesses, government and organizations focused on engagement at a broader community level. Additionally, Sustainalytics’ research service has assessed Alphabet as currently being exposed to a Category 4 (High) controversy related to Customer Incidents. Sustainalytics notes that the eligible projects that will be financed by the sustainability bonds are largely unrelated to the antitrust irregularities noted above. Based  on  these  policies,  standards  and  assessments,  Sustainalytics  is  of  the  opinion  that  Google  has implemented adequate measures and is well positioned to manage and mitigate environmental and social risks commonly associated with the eligible categories. Section 3: Impact of Use of Proceeds  All eight use of proceeds categories  are aligned with those recognized by GBP or SBP. Sustainalytics has focused on five below where the impact is specifically relevant in the local context. Importance of Energy-Efficient IT Operations  Google will allocate bond proceeds to design, construct, operate and maintain energy-efficient facilities and infrastructure, including energy-efficient data centers. This is of particular importance because data centers are  massive  consumers  of  energy  and  in  2018  accounted  for  approximately  2%  of  global  energy consumption.22 Due to  increasing use  of  technology, the  amount of  data  being stored globally more than doubles every four years.23 Thus, it is increasingly important for data centers to be equipped with energy efficient  technology.    As  the  importance  of  energy-efficient  data  centers  increases  alongside  consumer dependency  on  networks and  data,  Sustainalytics  sees  energy  reductions  at  data centers  as  essential  to decreasing the footprint of the ICT sector.  Impacts of Renewable Energy  In recognition of  the  role that  greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions play  in  global  warming  and  the  current climate crisis, since 2007, Google has engaged in activities to promote carbon neutral operations, including focusing  on  purchasing  renewable  energy  from  wind  and  solar  sources  to  match  electricity  use  of  its operations. After achieving the target of procuring enough clean energy to meet its annual needs in 2017, this  22 PRWeb, “Data Centers Consume 2% of World’s Energy—Hyper-Efficient New Solutions Usher in New Paradigm”, (2018), at: http://www.prweb.com/releases/data_centers_consume_2_of_worlds_energy_hyper_efficient_new_solutions_usher_in_new_paradigm/prweb15925619.htm  23 Pearce, Fred. “Energy Hogs: Can Data Centers be Made More Efficient?” (2018) at https://e360.yale.edu/features/energy-hogs-can-huge-data-centers-be-made-more-efficient 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     9    commitment is now headlined by an effort to work towards sourcing carbon-free energy on a 24x7 basis over time, not relying on fossil-fuel-power electricity to bridge gaps in the availability of renewables.24  Through the focus on renewable energy, Alphabet is viewed by Sustainalytics as taking a comprehensive and credible approach to its climate impacts.  The Need for Affordable Housing in California and the Bay Area  The lack of affordable housing is a substantial problem in the United States and particularly in the state of California. More than 3 million households in California spend greater than 30% of their income on rent, with more than 1.5 million households spending more than 50%.25 Amongst regions in California, median home prices are the highest in the San Francisco Bay Area.26 While homelessness declined in most states in the US between 2018 and 2019, California reported a 16% increase during the same period, contributing to a national increase  in  homelessness  by  3%.  Over  151,000  people  experienced  homelessness  in  California  in  2019, representing  ~27%  of  the  national  total  despite  being  home  to  only  ~12%  of  the  country’s  population.27 Furthermore, studies have shown that housing poverty leads to negative social outcomes across multiple dimensions as families and individuals are compelled to make trade-offs between spending on housing and spending on other essentials such as food, healthcare, and transportation. 28  Overcoming California’s severe housing crisis entails significant investment in projects with positive social impact.  The State  has  already  directed  $3  billion  to  combat  homelessness  in  the  last  two  years  and  the Governor has requested an additional $1.4 billion this year to tackle this problem.29 In addition to this direct funding, housing development at the level required will also require private-sector investment. In this context, Sustainalytics views investment in subsidized and affordable housing projects in the state of California as having a positive impact on the community. Google’s Commitment to Racial Equity The barriers and disadvantages faced by the Black community in the U.S. are longstanding and deep-rooted. Systemic racism is ingrained across the institutions, policies and practices that inform society and everyday life, creating disparities across racial lines in the school system, workforce, law, policing and others. As a result, Black individuals and communities experience these systems differently and may not be privileged to the same opportunities as their white counterparts. For instance, of Americans over the age of 25, 41% of the white  population  are  employed  in  professional  and  management  roles,  the  highest  paying  occupational category,  compared  to  31%  of  the  Black  population.30  Black  communities  also  face  higher  rates  of unemployment, lower rates of post-secondary education and higher rates of criminal conviction.31 32 Recent mass protests across the United States and the world have brought this systemic racism and racial inequality that Black communities have faced to the center of public discourse. Over recent months, public attention has once again been drawn to these issues, and while the problems that must be addressed are not novel, the protests and discourse that have arisen have reinforced the need for individuals and corporations to take action.   Thus, it is important and impactful for corporations such as Alphabet to attempt to address racial inequality and disparities within their organizations as well as to contribute to the expansion of opportunities available to Black communities. In response, Alphabet made a series of internal and external commitments which it  24 Google website: Sustainability, “The Internet is 24x7—carbon-free energy should be too” published at: https://sustainability.google/projects/24x7/ 25 California Department of Housing and Community Development, “California’s Housing Future: Challenges and Opportunities”, https://www.calcog.org/clientuploads/Resources/Housing/SHA_Final_Combined.pdf 26 California Association of Realtors, “Current Sales and Price Statistics” at https://www.car.org/marketdata/data/countysalesactivity 27 The US Department of Housing and Urban Development, “The 2019 Annual Homeless Assessment Report to Congress”, https://files.hudexchange.info/resources/documents/2019-AHAR-Part-1.pdf , World Population Review, https://worldpopulationreview.com/states/california-population/ 28 CityLab, “For Low-Income Renters, the Affordable Housing Gap Persists”, https://www.citylab.com/equity/2018/03/for-low-income-renters-the-gap-in-affordable-housing-persists/555458/ 29 Lozano, Alicia V., “California governor seeks $1.4 billion to combat homelessness as crisis grows” https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/california-governor-seeks-1-4-billion-combat-homelessness-crisis-grows-n1113926 30 US Bureau of Labor Statistics, BLS Reports October 2019 published at: https://www.bls.gov/opub/reports/race-and-ethnicity/2018/home.htm#:~:text=The%20employment%E2%80%93%20population%20ratio%20was,and%2063.2%20percent%20for%20Hispanics. 31 Ibid. 32 The Sentencing Project, ”UN Report on Racial Disparities”, published April 2018 at: http://www.sentencingproject.org/publications/un-report-on-racial-disparities/ 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     10    intends to help drive “lasting, meaningful change”.33 These initiatives include providing programs to support racial equality including increasing Black representation in management and hiring practices, training, funding for  Black-led  businesses  and  businesses  supporting  Black  communities,  and  increased  access  to opportunities. Alphabet will also utilize its products and platforms to assist and amplify Black voices. Overall, these projects are anticipated to deliver positive impacts.  Importance of establishing a circular economy for plastics The problem of plastic pollution has reached a catastrophic scale with a rapid growth in plastic production and minimal  and insufficient efforts towards recycling. Since 1950,  global production of resins and  fibers increased by 8.4% per year, reaching 380 Mt, outpacing global GDP growth during the same period. More than half of the total 7,800 Mt manufactured to date was made within the last 13 years. Further, as of 2015, only 9% of the total plastic waste generated had been recycled and 12% had been incinerated while the remaining 79% has accumulated in our landfills or in the environment.34  Plastics often contain additives that makes them difficult to break down, with estimates suggesting that some plastics  may  take  as  long  as  400  years  to  decompose.35  As  plastics  continue  to  accumulate  in  our environment,  they  gradually  make  their  way  downstream  into  our  oceans  where  they  can  kill  aquatic  life through entanglement in objects or through ingestion. By 2018, microplastics have been found in the organs of 114 aquatic species including some found in the deepest trenches of the ocean and that eventually make their way into our bodies through the food chain.36 An average person could be ingesting up to 5 grams of plastic every week, equivalent of one credit card.37 If this continues unabated, annual flow of plastics will nearly triple by 2040 and lead to massive health consequences as well as financial liabilities associated with potential legislation around recycling and waste management.38 In response to the problem, two bills – the Break Free from Plastic Pollution Act of 2020 and the Plastic Waste Reduction and Recycling Act – have recently been introduced in the U.S. Congress, focusing on reduction of single-use plastic, creating new standards for reducing and recycling plastic waste, and establishing a waste reduction research program.39,40 Large  U.S.-based technology companies  are also seeking to  address this problem, with some companies committing to reducing or eliminating the use of single-use plastic in their packaging by 2025.41,42 Google’s  commitments  in  this  regard  have  been  focused  on  building  a  circular  economy  for  plastic  by gradually incorporating PCR plastic into its consumer hardware devices. This entails investments along the entire supply chain as well as in manufacturing infrastructure to effectively recycle plastic.43 In this context, Sustainalytics  considers  investments  in  the  category  of  Circular  Economy  and  Design  to  lead  to  positive environmental outcomes.  33 Google website: A message from our CEO, “Our commitments to racial equity” published June 2020 at: https://blog.google/inside-google/company-announcements/commitments-racial-equity/ 34 Geyer, Jambeck, Lavender Law, “Production, use, and fate of all plastics ever made” published July 2017 at:  https://advances.sciencemag.org/content/3/7/e1700782.full 35 National Geographic report, “The world’s plastic pollution crisis explained” at:  https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/habitats/plastic-pollution/#:~:text=Plastic%20pollution%20has%20become%20one,ability%20to%20deal%20with%20them.&text=Plastic%20trash%20has%20become%20so,negotiated%20by%20the%20United%20Nations. 36 Encyclopedia Britannica, “Plastic Pollution In Oceans And On Land” at: https://www.britannica.com/science/plastic-pollution/Plastic-pollution-in-oceans-and-on-land 37 WWF Analysis, “No Plastic in Nature: Assessing Plastic Ingestion From Nature to People” published in 2019 at: https://wwwwwfse.cdn.triggerfish.cloud/uploads/2019/06/dalberg-advocacy-analysis_for-web.pdf 38 PEW Charitable Trust and SystemIQ research, “Breaking the Plastic Wave”, published 23 July 2020 at: https://www.systemiq.earth/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/BreakingThePlasticWave_SummaryReport.pdf 39 Congresswoman Haley Stevens website, “Stevens Introduces Bipartisan Legislation to Reduce Plastic Waste” published June 2020 at: https://stevens.house.gov/media/press-releases/stevens-introduces-bipartisan-legislation-reduce-plastic-waste 40 Congress website, “Break Free From Plastic Pollution Act 2020” at: https://www.congress.gov/bill/116th-congress/house-bill/5845 41 Forbes website, “HP Leads by Example with Big-Time strides in Sustainability” published July 2020 at: https://www.forbes.com/sites/moorinsights/2020/07/03/hp-leads-by-example-with-big-time-strides-in-sustainability/#2e0f5f5a4bf1 42 iMore report, “Unpacking Apple’s mammoth carbon neutral commitment and its new environmental vision” published July 2020 at: https://www.imore.com/unpacking-apples-mammoth-carbon-neutral-commitment-and-its-environmental-vision 43 Google website: Sustainability, “Partnering with suppliers to create better recycled plastic” at: https://sustainability.google/projects/plastics/ 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     11    Alignment with/contribution to SDGs The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) were set in September 2015 and form an agenda for achieving sustainable development by the year 2030. This sustainability bond advances the following SDG goals and targets:  Use of Proceeds Category SDG SDG target Energy Efficiency 7. Affordable and Clean Energy  7.3 By 2030, double the global rate of improvement in energy efficiency  Clean Energy 7. Affordable and Clean Energy  7.2 By 2030, increase substantially the share of renewable energy in the global energy mix Green Buildings 11. Sustainable Cities and Communities    15. Life on Land  11. 3 By 2030, enhance inclusive and sustainable urbanization and capacity for participatory, integrated and sustainable human settlement planning and management in all countries  15.9 By 2020, integrate ecosystem and biodiversity values into national and local planning, development processes, poverty reduction strategies and accounts Clean Transportation 11. Sustainable Cities and Communities 11.2 By 2030, provide access to safe, affordable, accessible and sustainable transport systems for all, improving road safety, notably by expanding public transport, with special attention to the needs of those in vulnerable situations, women, children, persons with disabilities and older persons Circular Economy and Design 12. Responsible Consumption and Production    12.5 By 2030, substantially reduce waste generation through prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse Affordable Housing  1. No Poverty     11. Sustainable Cities and Communities  1.2 By 2030, reduce at least by half the proportion of men, women and children of all ages living in poverty in all its dimensions   11.1 By 2030, ensure access for all to adequate, safe and affordable housing and basic services and upgrade slums according to national definitions. Commitment to Racial Equity  4. Quality Education    10. Reduced Inequalities  4.4 By 2030, substantially increase the number of youth and adults who have relevant skills, including technical and vocational skills, for employment, decent jobs and entrepreneurship 10.2 By 2030, empower and promote the social, economic and political inclusion of all, irrespective of age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion or economic or other status Support for Small Businesses & COVID-19 Crisis Response  3. Good Health and Well-being   8. Decent work and Economic growth  3.3 By 2030, end the epidemics of AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria and neglected tropical diseases and combat hepatitis, water-borne diseases and other communicable diseases 8.3 Promote development-oriented policies that support productive activities, decent job creation, entrepreneurship, creativity and innovation, and encourage the formalization and growth of micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises, including through access to financial services 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     12    Conclusion      Alphabet has developed the Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework under which it may issue sustainability bonds and use the proceeds to finance projects in eight categories namely Energy Efficiency, Clean Energy, Green Buildings, Clean Transportation, Circular Economy and Design, Affordable Housing, Commitment to Racial Equity, Support for Small Businesses and COVID-19 Crisis Response. Sustainalytics considers that the projects funded by the sustainability bond proceeds will provide positive environmental and social impact.  The Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework outlines a process by which proceeds will be tracked, allocated, and managed, and commitments have been made for reporting on the allocation and impact of the use of proceeds. Furthermore, Sustainalytics believes that Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework is aligned with the overall sustainability strategy of the company and that the use of proceeds categories will contribute to the  advancement  of  the  UN  Sustainable  Development  Goals  1,  3,  4,  7,  8,  10,  11,  12,  and  15.  Additionally, Sustainalytics  is  of  the  opinion  that  Google  has  adequate  measures  to  identify,  manage  and  mitigate environmental and social risks commonly associated with the eligible projects funded by the use of proceeds. Based on the above, Sustainalytics is confident that Alphabet Inc. is well-positioned to issue sustainability bonds and that that Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework is robust, transparent, and in alignment with the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2018) and the four core components of the Green Bond Principles (2018) and Social Bond Principles (2020).     
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     13    Appendices Appendix 1: Green Building Certification Schemes  LEED44 Living Building Challenge45 Background Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) is a US Certification System for residential and commercial buildings used worldwide. LEED was developed by the non-profit U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) and covers the design, construction, maintenance and operation of buildings. The Living Building Challenge is an international green building certification program and sustainable design framework run by the International Living Future Institute, a US non-profit organization seeking to tackle climate change by pushing for a built urban environment free of fossil fuels.  Certification levels Certified Silver Gold  Platinum Zero Energy Certification  Petal Certification  Living Building Certification  Areas of Assessment ●  Energy and atmosphere  ●  Sustainable Sites  ●  Location and Transportation ●  Materials and resources  ●  Water efficiency  ●  Indoor environmental quality  ●  Innovation in Design ●  Regional Priority ●  Place ●  Water ●  Energy  ●  Health and Happiness  ●  Materials ●  Equity  ●  Beauty Requirements Prerequisites (independent of level of certification) + Credits with associated points   These points are then added together to obtain the LEED level of certification  There are several different rating systems within LEED. Each rating system is designed to apply to a specific sector (e.g. New Construction, Major Renovation, Core and Shell Development, Schools-/Retail-/Healthcare New Construction and Major Renovations, Existing Buildings: Operation and Maintenance).   The  Living  Building  Challenge  is  organized  into  seven performance areas called Petals. Each  Petal is  further sub-divided  into  Imperatives,  which  address  specific issues through detailed requirements.  All Imperatives assigned to a Typology are mandatory.   Living  Building  Challenge  certification  requires  actual, rather than anticipated, performance demonstrated over twelve consecutive months.  Performance display            44 USGBC, LEED: www.usgbc.org/LEED 45 International Living Future Institute, Living Building Challenge Certification: https://living-future.org/lbc/certification/ 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     14    Appendix 2: Sustainability Bond / Sustainability Bond Programme - External Review Form Section 1. Basic Information Issuer name: Alphabet Inc. Sustainability  Bond  ISIN  or  Issuer  Sustainability Bond Framework Name, if applicable: Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework Review provider’s name: Sustainalytics Completion date of this form:  July 30, 2020 Publication date of review publication:   Section 2. Review overview SCOPE OF REVIEW The following may be used or adapted, where appropriate, to summarise the scope of the review.  The review assessed the following elements and confirmed their alignment with the GBP and SBP: ☒ Use of Proceeds ☒ Process  for  Project  Evaluation  and Selection ☒ Management of Proceeds ☒ Reporting ROLE(S) OF REVIEW PROVIDER ☒ Consultancy (incl. 2nd opinion) ☐ Certification ☐ Verification ☐ Rating ☐ Other (please specify):   Note: In case of multiple reviews / different providers, please provide separate forms for each review.  EXECUTIVE SUMMARY OF REVIEW and/or LINK TO FULL REVIEW (if applicable) Please refer to Evaluation Summary above.    Section 3. Detailed review Reviewers are  encouraged to  provide  the  information below to the extent possible  and use  the  comment section to explain the scope of their review.  
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     15    1. USE OF PROCEEDS Overall comment on section (if applicable):  The  eligible  categories  for  the  use  of  proceeds  Energy  Efficiency,  Clean  Energy,  Green  Buildings,  Clean Transportation, Circular Economy and Design, Affordable Housing, Commitment to Racial Equity, Support for Small Businesses & COVID-19 Crisis Response, are aligned with those recognized by both the Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles. Sustainalytics considers that the eligible categories will lead to positive environmental or social impacts and advance the UN Sustainable Development Goals, specifically SDG 1, 3, 4, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, and 15.   Use of proceeds categories as per GBP: x Renewable energy x Energy efficiency  x Pollution prevention and control ☐ Environmentally  sustainable  management  of living natural resources and land use x Terrestrial  and  aquatic  biodiversity conservation x Clean transportation ☐ Sustainable  water  and  wastewater management  x Climate change adaptation x Eco-efficient and/or circular economy adapted products,  production  technologies  and processes x Green buildings ☐ Unknown at issuance but currently expected to conform with GBP categories, or other eligible areas not yet stated in GBPs ☐ Other (please specify): If applicable please specify the environmental taxonomy, if other than GBPs:  Use of proceeds categories as per SBP: ☐ Affordable basic infrastructure ☐ Access to essential services  x Affordable housing x Employment generation (through SME financing and microfinance) ☐ Food security x Socioeconomic advancement and empowerment ☐ Unknown at issuance but currently expected to conform with SBP categories, or other eligible areas not yet stated in SBP ☐ Other (please specify): If applicable please specify the social taxonomy, if other than SBP:  2. PROCESS FOR PROJECT EVALUATION AND SELECTION Overall comment on section (if applicable):  
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     16    Alphabet  Inc.  has  formed  an  internal  committee  with  representatives  from  different  departments  for evaluating  and  selecting  projects  and  the  final  approval  responsibility  is  entrusted  with  the  Google Sustainability Officer. Sustainalytics considers the project selection process to be a market best practice.    Evaluation and selection x Credentials on the issuer’s social and green objectives x Documented process to determine that projects fit within defined categories  x Defined and transparent criteria for projects eligible for Sustainability Bond proceeds x Documented  process  to  identify  and manage potential ESG risks associated with the project x Summary criteria for project evaluation and selection publicly available ☐ Other (please specify): Information on Responsibilities and Accountability  x Evaluation  /  Selection  criteria  subject  to external advice or verification x In-house assessment ☐ Other (please specify):   3. MANAGEMENT OF PROCEEDS Overall comment on section (if applicable): Alphabet will rely on its internal tracking systems managed by the Finance department and invest net proceeds in liquid securities such as cash, equivalents, and US Government securities pending allocation. This is in line with market practice. Tracking of proceeds: x Sustainability Bond proceeds segregated or tracked by the issuer in an appropriate manner x Disclosure of intended types of temporary investment instruments for unallocated proceeds ☐ Other (please specify): Additional disclosure: ☐ Allocations to future investments only x Allocations  to  both  existing  and  future investments ☐ Allocation to individual disbursements ☐ Allocation to a portfolio of disbursements x Disclosure  of  portfolio  balance  of unallocated proceeds ☐ Other (please specify): 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     17     4. REPORTING Overall comment on section (if applicable):  Alphabet Inc. intends to report allocation proceeds on its website on an annual basis until full allocation. The report will include allocations made towards Eligible Projects on a category basis and, where feasible, on a project basis. In addition, Alphabet Inc. is committed to reporting on relevant impact metrics. Sustainalytics views Alphabet Inc.’s allocation and impact reporting as aligned with market practice.  Use of proceeds reporting: ☐ Project-by-project x On a project portfolio basis ☐ Linkage to individual bond(s) ☐ Other (please specify): Information reported: x Allocated amounts ☐ Sustainability Bond financed share of total investment ☐ Other (please specify):   Frequency: x Annual ☐ Semi-annual ☐ Other (please specify):  Impact reporting: ☐ Project-by-project x On a project portfolio basis ☐ Linkage to individual bond(s) ☐ Other (please specify): Information reported (expected or ex-post): x GHG Emissions / Savings ☐ Energy Savings  ☐ Decrease in water use x Number of beneficiaries x Target populations ☐ Other ESG indicators (please specify):  Energy  Efficiency (eg. PUE) Frequency: x Annual ☐ Semi-annual ☐ Other (please specify):   
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     18    Means of Disclosure ☐ Information published in financial report x Information published in sustainability report ☐ Information published in ad hoc documents x Other (please  specify): Annual  Impact Report  ☐ Reporting  reviewed  (if  yes,  please  specify  which  parts  of  the  reporting  are  subject  to external review):  Where appropriate, please specify name and date of publication in the useful links section.  USEFUL LINKS (e.g. to review provider methodology or credentials, to issuer’s documentation, etc.)    SPECIFY OTHER EXTERNAL REVIEWS AVAILABLE, IF APPROPRIATE Type(s) of Review provided: ☐ Consultancy (incl. 2nd opinion) ☐ Certification ☐ Verification / Audit ☐ Rating ☐ Other (please specify): Review provider(s): Date of publication:      ABOUT ROLE(S) OF REVIEW PROVIDERS AS DEFINED BY THE GBP AND THE SBP i.  Second Party Opinion: An institution with  sustainability expertise that  is independent  from the  issuer may provide  a  Second  Party  Opinion.  The  institution  should  be  independent  from  the  issuer’s  adviser  for  its Sustainability  Bond  framework,  or  appropriate  procedures  such  as  information  barriers  will  have  been implemented within the institution to ensure the independence of the Second Party Opinion.  It normally entails an assessment of the alignment with the Principles. In particular, it can include an assessment of the issuer’s overarching objectives, strategy, policy, and/or processes relating to sustainability and an evaluation of the environmental and social features of the type of Projects intended for the Use of Proceeds. ii.  Verification:  An  issuer  can  obtain  independent  verification  against  a  designated  set  of  criteria,  typically pertaining  to  business  processes  and/or  sustainability  criteria.  Verification  may  focus  on  alignment  with internal or external standards or claims made by the issuer. Also, evaluation of the environmentally or socially sustainable  features  of  underlying assets may be termed verification and  may  reference external criteria. Assurance or  attestation regarding an  issuer’s  internal tracking method for use of  proceeds, allocation of funds  from  Sustainability  Bond  proceeds,  statement  of  environmental  or  social  impact  or  alignment  of reporting with the Principles may also be termed verification. iii.  Certification: An issuer can have its Sustainability Bond or associated Sustainability Bond framework or Use of Proceeds certified against a recognised external sustainability standard or label. A standard or label defines specific criteria, and alignment with such criteria is normally tested by qualified, accredited third parties, which may verify consistency with the certification criteria.  iv.  Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Scoring/Rating: An issuer can have its Sustainability Bond, associated Sustainability Bond framework or a key feature such as Use of Proceeds evaluated or assessed by qualified third  parties,  such  as  specialised  research  providers  or  rating  agencies,  according  to  an  established 
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     19    scoring/rating methodology. The output may include a focus on environmental and/or social performance data, process relative to the Principles, or another benchmark, such as a 2-degree climate change scenario. Such scoring/rating is distinct from credit ratings, which may nonetheless reflect material sustainability risks.    
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     20    Disclaimer Copyright ©2020 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. The information, methodologies and opinions contained or reflected herein are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/or its third party suppliers (Third Party Data), and may be made available to third parties only in the form and  format  disclosed  by  Sustainalytics,  or provided  that  appropriate  citation  and  acknowledgement  is ensured. They are provided for informational purposes only and (1) do not constitute an endorsement of any product or project; (2) do not constitute  investment advice, financial advice or a  prospectus; (3)  cannot be interpreted as an offer or indication to buy or sell securities, to select a project or make any kind of business transactions; (4) do not represent an assessment of the issuer’s economic performance, financial obligations nor of its creditworthiness; and/or (5) have not and cannot be incorporated into any offering disclosure. These  are based on  information  made  available  by the  issuer and therefore are  not  warranted  as  to  their merchantability, completeness, accuracy, up-to-dateness or fitness for a particular purpose. The information and data are provided “as is” and reflect Sustainalytics` opinion at the date of their elaboration and publication. Sustainalytics  accepts  no  liability  for  damage  arising  from  the  use  of  the  information,  data  or  opinions contained herein, in any manner whatsoever, except where explicitly required by law. Any reference to third party  names  or  Third  Party  Data  is  for  appropriate  acknowledgement  of  their  ownership  and  does  not constitute a  sponsorship or endorsement by  such owner. A list of our third-party data  providers and their respective  terms  of  use  is  available  on  our  website.  For  more  information, visit http://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers. The  issuer  is  fully  responsible for  certifying  and  ensuring  the  compliance  with  its  commitments,  for  their implementation and monitoring. In case of discrepancies between the English language and translated versions, the English language version shall prevail.   
 Second-Party Opinion  Alphabet Sustainability Bond Framework     21    About Sustainalytics, a Morningstar Company Sustainalytics, a Morningstar Company, is a leading independent ESG and corporate governance research, ratings and analytics firm that supports investors around the world with the development and implementation of responsible investment strategies. For more than 25 years, the firm has been at the forefront of developing high-quality, innovative solutions to meet the evolving needs of global investors. Today, Sustainalytics works with hundreds of the world’s leading asset managers and pension funds who incorporate ESG and corporate governance information and assessments into their investment processes. Sustainalytics also works with hundreds of  companies  and  their financial intermediaries to  help  them  consider  sustainability  in  policies, practices  and  capital projects. With  16  offices globally, Sustainalytics  has  more  than 650 staff members, including more than 200 analysts with varied multidisciplinary expertise across more than 40 industry groups. For more information, visit www.sustainalytics.com.     






